
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:019F3900-7479-4CDC-8C82-45A27910E782 1cs-0-3 TCGA-A7-A0C-01A-PR Redacted Carcioma mfiltrstig oluct; Nos 850of3 SPECIMEN A. Left axillary sentinel lymph node B. Left breast biopsy. CLINICAL NOTES CLINICAL HISTORY: A -year-old white female with left breast cancer. FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS AFs: Left axillary sentinel node, excision - One lymph node with no metastasis identified.. GrOss DEscRIpTIon A. Container A is labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "left axillary sentinel node". The specimen consists of a single partially fatty replaced lymph node measuring 1.3 x 1 x 0.6 cm. AFs,bisected. B. Container B is labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "left breast biopsy, long anterior, short superior." The specimen consists of a single piece of fibrous adipose tissue oriented by two sutures and measuring 6.5 cm in medial to lateral, 3.5 cm from superior to inferior and 3 cm from anterior to posterior. The specimen margins are inked as follows: Blue -- anterior; black -- posterior; yellow -- lateral; orange medial; red -- superior; green -- inferior. The specimen is serially sectioned. On cut section, there is a firm tan fibrotic-appearing tumor mass measuring 2.2 x 1.5 x 1.8 cm. The mass appears to extend to the posterior margin of resection. A portion is submitted for tissue procurement. The remainder of the tissue is submitted in blocks 1-15. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A. Sections of the left axillary sentinel lymph node demonstrate i lymph node with no evidence of metastasis. The lymph node was examined and multilevel sectioning with H&E stain as well as immunohistochemistry for pankeratin. B. The following template applies to the left breast biopsy: Invasive Carcinoma: Present. Histologic type: Infiltrating ductal carcinoma Histologic grade: Overall grade: 3 Architectural score: 3 Nuclear score: 3 Mitotic score: 2

--- Page 2 ---
Greatest dimension (pT): 2.2 cm. (pT2) Specimen margins: Positive. Invasive carcinoma extended to the green ink involving the. inferior margin. Vessel invasion: Not identified.. Calcification: Present Ductal carcinoma in situ: Present. Histologic pattern: Solid and cribriform. Nuclear grade: 2-3 Central necrosis: Focally present. *Dcis of total tumor: 25% Extensive intraductal component (present/absent): Present Specimen margins: Close. In situ carcinoma is less than 1 mm from the anterior, posterior, medial and inferior margins. Calcification: Present Description of non-tumorous breast: Proliferative changes.. Comments: None. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Prognostic markers:  Previously performed. 4x2, 20 DIAGNOSIS A. Left axillary sentinel lymph node, resection:. No evidence of metastasis in one lymph node (0/1).. B. Left breast, excisional biopsy:. Infiltrating ductal carcinoma, grade 3, 2.2 cm. extending to the inferior margin. Extensive ductal carcinoma in situ, solid and cribriforming. subtypes, nuclear grade 2-3, less than 1 mm from multiple margins. M.D, (Electronic Signature). - End Of Report