
--- Page 1 ---
1cs-0-3 CaLcinvma, metap|asft,N0s 8575f3 UUID:46A75AD3-BAD1-4A16-873E-0099BD10FA8C Sit; srnst, NOS TCGA-A7-A26F-01A-PR Redacted C 50.9 4/27/11 DEPARTMENT OF PATHOLOGY AND LABORATORY MEDICINE Date Coll SPECIMEN A. Left axillary sentinel lymph node B. Left breast CLINICAL NOTES CLINICAL HISTORY: A -year-old with left breast metaplastic cancer. FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS AFs Left axillary sentinel node, excision: No evidence of metastasis in 1 node (0/1) GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received in a container labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "left axillary sentinel lymph node". The specimen container holds a single soft tan lymph node measuring 1.5 x 1 x 0.5 cm. AS block Asf, bisected. B. Container B is labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "left breast". The specimen consists of an excisional biopsy oriented by two sutures and measuring 3.5 cm. from anterior to posterior, 3.8 cm. from superior to inferior and 2.5 cm. from medial to lateral. The specimen margins are inked as follows: blue-interior, black-posterior, red-superior, green-inferior, yellow-medial, orange-lateral. serially sectioned and there is a firm, tan stellate lesion The specimen is measuring 1.8 x 1.5 x 1.5 cm., located extending in the direction of the inferior margin of resection and appearing to involve the inferior margin. Asb1-b20. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A. There is no evidence of metastasis in one left axillary sentinel lymph node. The node is examined by multilevel sectioning with H&E staining, as well as for immunohistochemistry for pankeratin. B. Invasive Carcinoma: Present. Histologic type: metaplastic. Histologic grade: Overall grade: 3 Architectural score: Nuclear score: 3 Mitotic score: 3 Greatest dimension (pT): 1.8 cm (pT1) Specimen margins: Positive. Vessel invasion:  Invasive carcinoma involves inferior margin over a distance of greater than 1 cm. Vessel invasion: foci suspicious. Calcification: Present. Ductal carcinoma in situ: Present. Histologic pattern:  Solid. Nuclear grade: 3 Central necrosis: Present.

--- Page 2 ---
% Dcis subtotal tumor: Less than 10%.. Absent. Extensive intraductal component:. Specimen margins: Negative. Calcification: Present. Description of non-tumorous breast:. Unremarkable. Comments: None. Previously FISh for HER-2 was reported as Prognostic markers: equivocal and a block is sent at the request of. repeat HER-2 by FISH. DIAGNOSISS Left axillary sentinel lymph node, resection: A. B. Left breast, excisional biopsy:. Poorly differentiated carcinoma with metaplastic features, grade 3, 1.8 cm Invasive carcinoma extends to involve the inferior margin of resection.  Ductal carcinoma in situ, solid and comedo subtypes,. nuclear grade 3 with necrosis, margins negative.. ctronic Signature) -End Of Report Case is (circie)