
--- Page 1 ---
PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: A.SPECIMEN DESIGNATEDSIGMOID COLONPARTIAL COLECTOMY23.2 Cm ADENOCARCINOMA, LOW GRADE,MODERATELY DIFFERENTIATED (5.8 Cm in greatest dimension). Tumor is located in sigmoid colon, forms a polypoid and fungating mass,is ulcerative, and has an infiltrating border. Tumor invades into the muscularis propria. Proximal, distal, and radial resection margins are negative for tumor. Invasive tumor is 7.5 cm from the closest mucosal resection margin. Lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Extramural venous invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified. Peritumoral lymphoid response (including Crohn?s-like infiltrate) is not present. Residual adenoma is absent. Regional lymph nodes (positive: total): 0:13 AJcc Classification6th edition): pT2 NO MX. Associated diseases include hyperplastic polyps and diverticulosis. B.SPECIMEN DESIGNATED "PROXIMAL DONUT": Colonic mucosa,negative for tumor. C.SPECIMEN DESIGNATED DISTAL DONUT Colonic mucosa, negative for tunor. CLINICAL DATA: History: Invasive adenocarcinoma. Operation: Sigmoid colectomy. Operative Findings: None given. Clinical Diagnosis: Colon CA. TISSUE SUBMITTED: A/1) Sigmoid colon Tissue Bank open and return) B/2) Proximal donut

--- Page 2 ---
C/3) Distal donut GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh, and labeled with the patient's name and medical record number and consists of three parts. Part A,"#1.Sigmoid colon," consists of a segment of colon 23.2 cm in length x 2.8 cm in diameter) with a 3.2 cm open resection margin inked blue and a 3.0 There is a tan/pink centrally cm stapled resection margin inked green. ulcerated polypoid mass (5.8 x 3.6 x 0.9 cm) that is 7.5 cm to the stapled resection margin, and 12.6 cm to the open resection margin. The mass appears to invade the muscularis,but not through the serosa. A section of this mass is representatively submitted to the tissue bank. The radial resection margin is inked black. There is also a tan/pink sessile polyp (0.8 x 0.5 x 0.4 cm) There that is 9.0 cm to the open resection margin and 4.5 cm from the mass. The are four other tan/pink sessile polyps ranging in size from 0.3 to 0.5 cm. closest of which is 1.0 cm to the open resection margin. A portion of normal colonic mucosa is also submitted to the tissue bank. None of the polyps appear to invade into the lamina propria. Micro Al: Stapled resection margin to in potential polyp,1 frag, Micro A2 Open resection margin, 1frag, Micro A3-A6: Representativ ections of the tumor with radial resection margin, 1 frag per block, Micro A7: Polyp #2 that is from the mass,1 frag, Micro A8: Polyp #3,1 frag, Micro A9: Micro Al0: Polyp #5,1 frag, Micro A11-A17: Candidate lymph nodes, multi frags Part B,"#2. Proximal donut, consists of a portion of bowel (1.0 cm in length x 2.l cm in diameter) that is attached to a circular metallic stapling device 2.6 cm in diameter x 5.0 cm in length) The entire portion of bowel which contains no visible lesions is submitted. Micro B1: Entirely submitted specimen, 2 frags, PartC,#3.Distal donutconsists of a portion o f bowel1.9 cmx1.5 x0.9 cm) with no gross lesions. Approximately 80% of the specimen is separable from the staples and is submitted. Micro C1-c2: Distal donut, multi frags, By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto.