
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT DIAGNOSIS DIAGNOSIS: A.Soft tissue,peritumor fatexcision: Benign adipose tissue with no neoplastic process identified. B.Kidneyposterior margin #1biopsy No tumor identified. Permanent sections confirm the frozen section diagnosis. C.Kidney,right partial nephrectomy Tumor Characteristics: .Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary subtype. 2.Tumor site:Right kidney 3.Tumor focality:Unifocal. Tumor size:4.0 cm in greatest dimension. 5. Macroscopic extent of tumor:Tumor limited to kidney. 6.Microscopic extent of tumor:Foci of transgression of renal capsule. 7 Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade2/4. 8.Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified. 9. Sarcomatoid features:Not identified. Surgical Margin Status: 1 .Tumor not identified at surgical margin. 2.Tumor present at inked capsular surface. Lymph Node Status: 1.No lymph nodes submitted for evaluation. Other: 1.pTNM stage:T3a. COMMENTS: The renal neoplasm predominantly has a papillary architecture with areas of interstitial macrophages.Foci of clear cell change are present. The lesion is felt to have an overall appearance of a papillary renal cell carcinoma. This case was reviewed by who agrees with the diagnosis ASSSSSCLINICAL INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative DiagnosisRight renal mass Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: A.Peritumor fat B.Posterior margin #1 with frozen section C.Right renal tumor GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received in three containers labeled with the patient's name, Container A is additionally labeled peri tumor fat and contains two yellow-tan fibrofatty soft tissues,1.1 x 0.7 x 0.4 cm and 2.0 x 1.0 x 0.4.cm.No nodules or lesions are identified. The specimen is entirely submitted in cassette A labeled Container B is additionally labeled Posterior margin #1" and contains two pink-tan soft tissues, each measuring 03 cm in areatest dimension Thes

--- Page 2 ---
sues are entrely submitted for frozen section with the residual wrapped in tissue paper and entirely resubmitted for permanent section in cassette B labeled Container C is additionally labeled "right renal tumor and contains a 3.0 x 2.5 x 2.5 cm,partly fragmented partial nephrectomy specimen. The deep margin is remarkable for pink-tan normal appearing renal parenchyma which is grossly uninvolved with tumor. The remainder of the specimen is greatest dimension. This tumorabuts the inked capsule and to within 0.7 cm of the parenchymal margin. No additional lesions are identified. The specimen is entirely submitted in cassettes C1-7 labeled designated as follows: C1-4 mass to inked parenchymal margin and capsule, emendicular 5-7 tumor. Additionally,a yellow,green ana biue cassette are submitted for genomics researcheach labele INTRA-OPERATIVE CONSULTATION: FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS PART B: No tumor identified on frozen section per