
--- Page 1 ---
PoimaRy Stt at samtinc UUID: EA2ECCDC-A411-4926-A8E7-7375F329A687 TCGA-UZ-A9PS-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORT Patient Name Accession # j Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date:1 DOB: Sex: Received: Location: Client: Soc. Sec. #: Physician(s): FInal Pathologic Diagnosis Left kidney, partial nephrectomy: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, Type 2, Furhman Grade 3, 13.2 cm; see comment.. IQD-043 Comment: Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment ce0Q 8Q6D|3 -Histologic type: Papillary type. -Grade: Furhman grading for RCC: Grade 3.. -Maximum tumor diameter: 13.2 cm. -Site within kidney: Left lower pole. -Renal peivis: Not present. 3f|z -Ureter: Not present. -Renal sinus: Not present. -Hilar renal veins: Not present. -Intrarenal veins and iymphatics: Normal, no vascular invasion identified. -Adrenal gland: Not present. -Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor does not penetrate capsule.. -Hilar lymph nodes (number positive/number of nodes): Not present. -Resection margins:  Negative. -Proximity to nearest margin: 1 mm to resection margin (Slide A1). -Stage: pT2NXMX. -Additional comments: This is a typical papillary renal cell carcinoma with a papillary growth pattern and stromal foam cells. Various cell types are present including chromophilic cells with eosinophilic cytoplasm, oxyphilic cells, and occasional clear cells. The relatively large tumor cell size, nuclear atypia, and pleomorphism indicate that this is a type 2 papilary cancer, which in some studies has been an adverse finding relative to type 1. The excision marginis free of tumor, although tumor approaches to within 1 mm of the inked edge of the specimen (slide A1).. Pw TSS, O?o cba cll diHfrn$stion. Specimen(s) Received A:Left renal mass (fresh) Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Clinical History The patient is a year-old female with a 5 cm, solid mass in the lateral portion of the right kidney and a 9 cm mass in the lower portion of the left kidney. The patient now undergoes left partial nephrectomy. Gross Description The specimen is received fresh in one part, labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and *"left renal mass fresh," and consists of an unoriented partial nephrectomy specimen measuring 17 x 7.5 x 14.5 cm and weighing 468 gm with associated perinephric fat. There is a yellow-red, nodular, friable mass measuring 8.5 x 6.2 x 13.2 cm, completely filling and obliterating the inner portion of the kidney. The mass is completely circumscribed by the renal capsule and abuts its surface in multiple areas, but does not grossly extend through it. The mass abuts the resection margin (inked blue). The entire outer portion of the specimen is inked in black. The mass was opened prior to receipt in Pathology, and a piece of the tumor was sampled from the previously opened area for  In addition, an opposite end was opened to sample for normal renal tissue, but none was taken, as it was a completely obliterative tumor. Representative sections are submitted as follows: Cassettes A1-A2: Tumor with adjacent resection margin. Cassettes A3-A6: Tumor and renal capsule. Cassettes A7-A9: Tumor. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slldes. Pathology Resident sthologist Electronically signed out o Sunt Page 2 of 2