
--- Page 1 ---
FD45A76-33F6-47BA-A9EC-0AF6A7E28B5E U-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Patient Namet Accession #: Med. Rec.# Visit #: Service Date: DOB: ex: Male Received: Soc. Sec. #: Location Client: Physician(s): FInal Pathologic Diagnosis Kidney, right, partial nephrectomy: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, 5.8 cm; see comment. IcD.d3 Comment: Cerenmy yayaellare Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment. - Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, Type 1. NnsI ceQl. 8360/3 - Grade: Fuhrman grading for RcC: grade 2. - Tumor size: 5.8 x 4.5 x 3.3 cm.. Site R Kiolney NoS C64.9 - Site within kidney: Mid to inferior pole of right kidney. - Renal pelvis: NA. VJ3l3J!4 - Ureter: NA. - Renal sinus: NA. - Hilar renai veins: NA. - Intrarenal veins and Iymphatics: No tumor. - Adrenai giand: NA - Capsule/perirenal fat: No tumor.. - Lymph node status: Not surgically sampled. - Resection margins: Negative. - Ureter: NA. - Renal vein: NA. - Soft tissue: Negative, 0.6 cm to perirenal fat margin.. - Renal parenchyma: Negative but close, less than 0.1 cm to margin.. - Proximity to nearest margin: Less than 0.1 cm. - AJCC Stage:pT1bNXMX. Specimen(s) Received A:Kidney, Partial Nephrectomy (fresh). Intraoperative Diagnosis Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Right kidney, gross evaluation: Tumor approaches the surgical margin by <1 mm. (Dr. Clinical History The patient is a . year-old male who was discovered to have an incidental finding of a 4.6 cm enhancing renal mass on the anterior aspect of the mid to inferior pole of the right kidney. The patient undergoes an open partial right nephrectomy. Gross Descriptiond The specimen is received in formalin in one part, labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "right partial nephrectomy," and consists of an unoriented ovoid apparent renal tissue that is firm, and a soft apparent fat tissue. The tota! specimen measures 9.2 x 4.6 x 4.5 cm. The ovoid renal tissue measures 6.2 x 4.5 x 3.8 cm and the fat tissue measures 9.2 x 3.5 x 0.5 cm. The specimen was received with all margins inked black and has been serially sectioned. The renal mass abuts the surgical margin and occupies approximately 90% of the renal tissue. The mass is ovoid and soft, tan-white, and measures 5.8 x 4.5 x 3.3 cm. There is a red-brown region of apparent necrosis/hemorrhage, measuring 3.1 x 2.7 x 2.5 cm, within the renal mass. A thin rim of apparent renal parenchyma surrounds the mass, with the thickest depth measuring 0.9 cm. The perirenal fat Is soft and unremarkable. Representative sections are submitted as follows: Cassette A1: Renal mass with resection margin, two sections. Cassette A2: Rena! mass showing relationship to inked perirenal fat, two sections. Cassette A3: Renal mass showing relationship to inked perirenal fat, one section. Cassette A4: Renal mass/necrosis, one section. Cassette A5: Apparent normal renal. parenchyma, one section. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slides. YPathology Resident. Pathologiste Electronically signed out on. 14114 Page 2 of 2