
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:81022A25-6D64-419D-9897-22348E17ECEA Redac Requesting Doctor's Information:. 1 ICD-t3 Carcincino, Odreral ssrtical. 8378/3 Dite : Adrenol Clud,Cortex C74.D JrS.i|3s]13 A SPECIMEN TYPE:Adrenal T CLINICAL NOTES: H Right adranal. yo male, few months H/O fevers, weight loss. R) adrenal 0 mass on CT -> malignant cells on FNAB ?type. NOT lymphoma of melanoma. B/H hep C+ve. Rheumatic heart disease. ?primary adrenal tumour. ?metastasis. L 0 MACROSCOPIC: "Right adrenal gland". The specimen cansists of adrenal gland and surrounding G adipose tissue which is haemorrhagic in nature. The specimen measures 80 x 65 Y x 60mm and weighs approximately 125g. The surrounding adipose tissue is markedly congested and haemorrhagic. On sectioning, at least 70 to 80% of the adrenal gland has been replaced by tumour. It has a heterogeneous appearance with solid white areas, tibrous bands, and a large area of haemorrhage. In a few areas, the tumour appears to be abutting the resection margin. Blocks 1 to 4 - contain a representative section through the adrenal and adrenal mass, the slice has been sectioned into four pieces. Blocks 5 to 7 - contain representative tissue of tumour in areas where it appears to abut the surrounding resection margins (blocks 6 and 7 contains areas of haemorrhage). (A small amount ot tissue has been taken tor EM).. A N A MICROSCOPIC: Sections show adrenal tissue which has been largely replaced by a neoplastic T Intiltrate consisting of solid sheets of highly pleomorphic cells, most of which contain abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm. The nuclei are enlarged, 0 vesicular and have prominent nucleoli. Mitotic figures are numerous and M include a conspicuous number of atypical forms. The tumour has an infiltrative border and is seen invading both residual, cortical and medullary tissue. No penetration of the adrenal capsule is however evident. Many areas of necrosis c and haemorrhage are present. No vascular space permeation is seen. The following immunohistochemical stains were performed:. A S100: Occasional scattered cells staining positive, possibly representing origin from the residual adrenal medulla. L Chromogranin: Tumour cells negative. Positive staining of residual cells of medullary origin. HMB45: Negative. P CK7: Negative. A CK20: Negative. Cam5.2: Occasional scattered cells with pleomorphic characteristics show weak T positive staining. H 0 L n

--- Page 2 ---
Requesting Doctor's Information: P T SPECIMEN TYPE: Adrenal H Vimentin: Positive. 0 EMA: some apparent positivity. L CEA: Negative. AFP: Negative. 0 SMA: Negative. Electron microscopy was performed at Report G as follows: Y "Whilst there are features suggestive of an adrenal cortical carcinoma, the standard of preservation is too poor for firm diagnosis. Pleomorphic tumour cells are in close apposition with their neighbours and, where plasma membranes are preserved, lack intercelular junctions. Patches of. cytoplasm in some cells are occupied by what is probably altered smooth surfaced endoplasmic reticulum. However, although mitochondria are trequently numerous, they are too autolysed to determine whether the tubular or tubulovesicular cristae typical of adrenal cortical cells and their tumours are. present. Rough surfaced endoplasmic reticulum tends to occur in long strands, rather than in the short stacked cisternae, that characterises adrenal cortical 4 cells. Lipid droplets, though present, are not particularly numerous. N  There are no features (such as melanosomes, secretory granules, tonofibrils, A Iumen formation or microvilli) that would suggest metastatic tumour". T Reported by: 0 M COMMENT: The overall appearances/findings are considered most conslstent with those ot a primary adrenal cortical carcinoma. c A L P REPORTING PATHOLOGIST: I:132|1) (Electronic Signature) A T H 0 L 0 Page 2 ot 2 G