
--- Page 1 ---
D05 n&larnu, speiUulciLEell 8771/3 Date of surgery : Aelsnn., yithudesisk +opinlle Right eye enucleation. cQL mieeL'S770/3 Macroscopy /0 5/1c/14 Enucleation specimen measuring 25 mm in diameter with a segment of optic nerve of 7 mm of length. At the section, presence of a pigmented tumor measuring 20 mm of main line in the posterior chamber. Samples have been made for cryopreservation and cytogenetic studies. The specimen has been then included entirely after fixation in 11 blocks.. Miicroscopy Histological study shows the presence of a malignant melanocytic tumor proliferation developed in the choroid. This tumor is made of epithelioid cells (80%) and also fusiform cells (20%). These cells have marked cytonuclear atypias with nucleolated nuclei. The mitotic index is low (5 mitosis out of 10 high 400 magnification fields). See. peth discrpe Ipithelivid/spinsli cll stio. This tumor is developed posterior to the ciliary processes without extension in the ciliary processes and stays distant to the base of implantation of the optic nerve. This tumor infiltrates the internal third of the sclera without extra sclera extension. The optic foramen, the optic nerve and its cut end are free of tumor.. Conclusion Mixed type (epithelioid and fusiform) choroidal melanoma Size of the tumor: 20 mm main line. Extension to the internal third of the sclera without extrascleral extension.. The optic foramen, the optic nerve and its cut end, the meningeal sheaths are free UUID:8309F1B8-553B-47E7-83D9-5663FCEF17A1 A9E7-01A-PR Redacted

--- Page 2 ---
TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form. V4.00 Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis. documented on the initial pathology report for a cuse submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the. Case Quality Control Form conpleted for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (TsS): .... TSS Identifier: .  TSs Unique Patient Identifier. Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): . Coinpleted Date: .. [Diagnosis Information Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions 80% epithelioid cells  Provide the diagnosis/ histologic subtype(s) documented on Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for Provided on Initia!  this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes.. Pathology Report 20% spindle ceils Histologic features of 61-90% epithelioid cells.  Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case.  the sample provided Quality Control Form completed for this case.. for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% spindle cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form  Provide the reason for Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial  the discrepancy The section of the frozen sample used for sending pathology report for this case is not consistent with the.  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor  diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form.  report and the TCGA where the epithelioid part is predominant.. Case Quality Control Form. The  percentages mentioned on the initial.  Pathology Report correspond to an average on the whole embedded sections used for establish the Pathology Report. Name of TSS Reviewing e of the pathologist who  Pathologist or for TCGA.  Biorepository Director I acknowiedge thut the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled.. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director. Date 1 acknowigage that the ubove information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. The Attending Puthologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses.. Principal Investigator Signature Date