
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN A. Apical lymph nodes B. Sigmoid and upper rectum C. Appendix CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAgNosIS: Rectal cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received in formalin labeled "apical lymph node" is a. 0.8 x 0.5 x 0.3 cm yellow fatty tissue fragment which may be possible lymphoid tissue. The tissue is entirely submitted in one cassette. B. eived fresh subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "sigmoid and upper rectum". The specimen grossly consists of a 20-cm long portion of colon which is stapled at the distal end. (inked black) and opened at the proximal end (inked blue). The serosa of the specimen is pink-tan smooth and glistening partially covered with abundant yellow lobular fat. Retroperitoneal. reflection is located 6 cm from the distal margin. The specimen is opened to show a pink-tan smooth glistening mucosa with an average circumference of 5.5 cm. There is a large exophytic tumor closer to the distal end, measuring 5.3 x 6.0 x 1.0 cm.. This is located 3.5. cm from the distal end. The distal end has a circumference of 7.5 cm and the tumor comes within 0.6 cm of being circumferential. The. cut surface of the tumor shows invasion into the muscularis propria. However, no discrete invasion is grossly identified into the fat. This comes within 2.5 cm of the radial margin. A sample was taken for tissure procurement. The remainder of the mucosa is pink-tan smooth and glistening with normal to slightly dilated folds. No other discrete gross lesions are identified in the mucosa. Multiple. lymph nodes are grossly identified in the fat which are firm and somewhat enlarged up to 1.7 cm in greatest dimension. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: Block 1 - representative luminal margin; block 2-4 - representative. section of tumor which includes tumor to normal and tumor into fat; block 5 - representative radial margin; block 6 - one possible. lymph node bisected; block 7-15 - whole possible lymph nodes. C. The specimen consists of a 5.5 x 0.7 cm app. which is partially covered pink-tan smooth glistening serosa and minimally yellow lobular fat. The specimen is sectioned to show an. intact wall with an average thickness of 0.3 cm. The lumen ranges from pinpoint to 0.3 cm partially filled with green feces.. Representative sections of the specimen tted in one cassette with the proximal end inked..

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A. This single apical node is negative for metastatic. disease, 0/1. B. This segment of colon contains an ulcerated,. moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, minimally extending into pericolonic fat. Please see the template below:. Histologic type: Infiltrating adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): pT3. Proximal margin: Negative for tumor. Distal margin: Negative for tumor Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor.. Distance of tumor from closest margin: The tumor is 3.5 cm from the distal margin. Vascular invasion: Not detected. Regional lymph nodes (pN): As per parts A and B, a total of 48 lymph nodes are found, one of which contains metastatic disease, 1/48, pN1a. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Negative. Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot be assessed. C. Microscopic examination performed. 3,5,1 DIAGNOSIS A. Apical lymph node, excision -. Single lymph node negative for metastatic disease, 0/1. B.  Sigmoid and upper rectum, segmental resection Segment of colon with infiltrating, moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, extending into pericolonic fat.. All margins are negative for tumor. Metastatic disease is present to 1 of 47 lymph nodes, 1/47. C. Appendix, appendectomy - Appendix - no significant pathology.  End Of Report -