
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: 8866FD87-4F6F-4D7E-B99A-70D427ED3883 TCGA-OR-A51-01A-PR Redacted Dellver To: : 1 1 tcD-6-3 Tmsr Alreral Cirtica SPECIMEN TYPE: Adrenal Biopsy No: Site: @Ad rmalGland T Cortex C74.O CLINICAL NOTES: H Histopathology of L) adrenal gland. Conn's syndrome (note small section of g) (/3o) 13 tumour excised for genetic studies). 0 L MACROSCOPIC: "Left adrenal.* The specimen consists of an adrenal gland with a post fixation 0 weight 102.4g. It measures 110 x 70 x 60mm. A section of tissue has been G taken trom one pole. On sectioning, a nodular lesion with a maximum diameter Y of 25 x 30rmm, and extending for a length of 70mm, can be identified. The cut surface of this lesion is irregular. It can be seen to be compressing the adjacent normal adrenal tissue. Block 1: tissue near the excision where previous sampling for genetic studies has already been performed. Blocks 2 and 3: lesion where it abuts the normal adrenal gland. Block 4: lesion with its closest proximity to the excision margin. Blocks 5-9 : further blocks of lesion. MICROSCOPIC: Sections show an adrenal tumour with a predominantty trabecular architectural A pattern and demonstrating a mitotic rate of <6 per 50HPF. Cytological atypia is N present. No absolutely definite vascular invasion is seen. The tumour appears close but clear of the painted excision margin. A The morphological appearances of this adrenal tumour in association with the results of immunoperoxidase stains (ie. positive for vimentin and negative for T Cam 5.2 and chromogranin) are consistent with a cortical adrenal tumour, which 0 is considered best regarded as an 'adrenal cortical neoplasm of indeterminate  malignant potentiai", and continuing long-term clinical follow-up Is strongly M recommended. 1 SUMMARy: Considered best regarded as an *adrenal cortical tumour ot C indeterminate malignant potential. A Note: Please see attached references from Tumours of the Adrenal Gland and L Extra-Adrenal Paraganglioma by Ernest E.Lack: No 19 - 3rd series; from the Armed Forces institute of Pathology, Washington D.C. P T-93000 M-09350 A ADDITIONAL REPORT: T ELECTRON MICROSCOPY: (received from 4 0 L pano 1 af  0

--- Page 2 ---
Requesting Doctor's Informatlon: Deliver To: A T SPECIMEN TYPE:  Adrenal Biopsy No: H "The majority of cells examined by electron microscopy show the features of 0 aldosterone-secreting tumours. In particular, mitochondria elongated with numerous lamellar cristae ("sarcotubular" mitochondria), similar to those of L the normal zona glomerulosa. However, spherical "hybrid" mitochondria with 0 lamellar or tubular cristae are also seen. Rough and smooth surfaced G endoplasmic reticulum are present In moderate amounts. Lipid droplets are sparse. A tew pleomorphic nuclei were seen, but the majority appear spherical Y with a regular chromatin pattern and a small nucleolus. Most authorities agree that it is not possible to predict the likely behaviour of adrenal cortical tumours from their ultrastructural appearances. Reliance should be placed on the usual histological and macroscopic criteria." A REPORTING PATHOLOgIST: N (Electronic Signature) A T 0 M c A Process - ship an holul. L IN detumwant maluynut poTenhiel " P W18113 A T AUALIFIE H 0 L 0 Page 2 of 2 G Y