
--- Page 1 ---
DIAGNOSIS: A.Kidney, left cyst wall, excision: Benign fibrous walled cyst. B.Kidney left partial nephrectomy Tumor Characteristics: 1.Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma. Tumor site: Left kidney. 3.Tumor focality:Unifocal. 4. Tumor size3.0 x3.0x 2.5 cm. 5.Microscopic extent of tumor: Tumor transgresses renal capsule into perinephric adipose tissue for a distance of approximately 0.1 cm. 6.Nuclear grade:Fuhrman grade 3/4. Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified. 8. Sarcomatoid features: Not identified. Surgical Margin Status: Margins uninvolved by carcinoma: Tumor does not involve inked margin of resection. Other: pTNM stage:T3a NX. C. Specimen submitted as"tumor base #1", biopsy: Fibrous connective tissue with focus of atrophic tubules. No neoplasm identified. D.Kidneysuperior margin, biopsy: No neoplasm identified. E. Specimen submitted as "tumor base #2", biopsy: No neoplasm identified. F.Kidney lateral marginbiopsy No neoplasm identified COMMENTS: Histologic sections from the left kidney show a unifocal tumor mass measuring 3.0 cm in greatest dimension. Grossly the tumor appears to be limited to the kidney. However, there is an area in which there is microscopic transgression of the renal capsule with tumor extending approximately 0.1 cm into the perinephric adipose tissue. The tumor is not identified at the margins of resection. The tumor shows a papillary pattern consisting of polygonal to columnar shaped cells with enlarged oval nuclei and prominent nucleoli. Numerous clusters of macrophages are present within the papillary stalks. The histoloaic appearance is that of papillary renal cell carcinoma.

--- Page 2 ---
CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis: Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: A.Left cyst wall renal B. Tumor left kidney C. Tumor base #1 with frozen section D. Superior margin E. Tumor base #2 F.Lateral margin MOCARMRSPECIMENDATASOO GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received in six containers labeled with the patient's name, Container A is additionally labeled "cyst wall left renal and contains a 0.5 cm,tan-brown fibrous soft tissue. The specimen is wrapped in tissue paper and entirely submitted in cassette A labeled Container B is additionally labeled "tumor left kidney" and contains a 4.5 x 3.5 x 3.5 cm partial nephrectomy specimen featuring a cauteried margin on deep aspect and partially surfaced by yellow-tan perinephric fat on the superficial aspect.The fat is inked blue and the deep margin is inked black.The specimen is sectioned to reveal a 3.0 x 3.0 x 2.5 cm well circumscribed yellow-tan,hemorrhagic and variegated nodule that approaches to within 0.3 cm of the inked deep margin as well as 0.1 cm of the sunerfirial fat Normal appearing red-pink renal parenchyma is present at the base. Representative sections are submitted in cassettes B1-6 labeled all margins are perpendicular. Additionally,a yellow,green and blue cassette are submitted for genomics research, each labeled Container C is additionally labeled "tumor base"and contains a 0.4 cm, yellow-tan irregular soft tissue entirely submitted for frozen section with the residual entirely resubmitted for permanent section in cassette C labeled Container D is additionally labeled "superior margin" and contains a 4.0 x 1.0 x 0.4 cm portion of apparent kidney partially surfaced by a pink-tan capsule and perinephric fat. The exposed renal parenchyma is inked black and the capsule and fat is inked blue. The specimen is serially sectioned to reveal pink-tan,glistening cut surface with no discrete lesions. The specimen is entirely submitted in cassettes D1-3 labeled Container E is additionally labeled "tumor base" and contains two pink-tan, rubbery soft tissues, 0.5 and 0.9 cm in greatest dimension. They are entirely submitted in cassette E labeled ContainerF is additionally labeled lateral marginand contains a 2.5 x 1.0 x 0.4 cm,pink-tan,rubbery,irregular soft tissue. Entirely submitted in cassette F labeled INTRA-OPERATIVE CONSULTATION: FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS PART C:Tubular atrophy with fibrosis per