
--- Page 1 ---
E4492A1CBED TCGA- Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY IcDo-3 Case Number : areynono) yeeyesla Diagnosis: renaQ eeQ0 8z6013 A: Kidney, left, partial nephrectomy Site OKuny No5 C64.9 Procedure: partial nephrectomy Laterality: left Histologic tumor type/subtype: papillary renal cell carcinoma, type II Sarcomatoid features: absent Histologic grade (if applicable): Fuhrman grade 2 Tumor size (greatest dimension): 4.5 cm (per gross examination) Tumor focality: unifocal Extent of tumor invasion (if present specify if macroscopic or microscopic): Capsular invasion/perirenal adipose tissue: absent Gerota's fascia: absent. Renal sinus: absent Major veins (renal vein or segmental branches, Ivc): not applicable Ureter: not applicable. Venous (large vessel): not applicable Lymphatic (small vessel): absent Histologic assessment of surgical margins: Renal parenchymal margin (partial nephrectomy only): negative (5 mm) Renal capsular margin (partial nephrectomy only): negative Paranephric adipose tissue margin (partial nephrectomy only): negative Adrenal gland: not submitted Lymph nodes: not submitted Pathologic findings in non-neoplastic kidney: Focal global glomerulosclerosis and mild interstitial nephritis.

--- Page 2 ---
AJCC Staging: pT1b pNx This staging information is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending clinical review and additional information.. Clinical History: year-old male with a clinical diagnosis of a renal mass.. Gross Description: Received is one appropriately labeled container, additionally. labeled "left renal mass." It holds a 91.1 gram, 7.1 x 6.0 x 5.5 cm partial nephrectomy. The capsule is yellow, smooth and inked blue.. The parenchymal margin is tan/brown and inked black. Just beneath. the capsule, there is a roughly 4.5 x 4.2 x 2.6 cm partially solid,. partially cystic red/brown to yellow variegated mass. The mass abuts the capsule, but does not extend through it and comes to within 0.4 cm of the black inked parenchymal margin. No additional abnormalities are noted.. Block summary: Al-A2 - mass with closest approach to blue inked parenchymal margin, perpendicular A3-A4 - mass capsule, perpendicular A5 - parenchyma away from mass Tissue remains in formalin. Tissue is submitted to Tissue Procurement.. 13/13 H+11