
--- Page 1 ---
IOD.O  Patient Name: Med Rec. #: 3070|3 Site: C'arwy NOS Requested By: 0839 Ordered By fJ o/3i//4 Report Name: : Surg Path Case - sTATUs: Final UUID:E17EECA7-26DE-4456-94B2-6B5A9F4931AD **SEE NOTE Collect/Perform: TCgA-MY-A913-01A-PR Redacted Ordered By: Oxdered Date: Department: Physician who Performed Procedure: Requesting Physician: Attending Pathologist : DIAGNOSIS: Cexvix, biopsy: - Fragments of invasive poorly differentiated squamous carcinoma. - Orientation precludes measurement of depth of invasion.. cOMMEnr: There is a copious amount of sampled tissue, almost all of which is composed of tumor. A p63 stain is strongly positive supporting the diagnosis. CLINICAL INFORMATION Cervical cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh labeled "cervical biopsy*. It consists of a 2x0.7x0.4 cm irregular portion of tan rubbery tissue.. One aspect demonstrates apparent. tan smooth mucosa. The tissue is inked and serially sectioned. The cut surfaces are tan and smooth..  Also received are two tan rubbery tissue. fragments measuring 0.5 x.0.4 x 0.2 cm in aggregate.  The specimen is entirely submitted in three cassettes as follows: 1A-1B- largest portion of tissue, sectioned. 1C separately received tissue fragments. The following special studies were performed on this case and the. interpretation is incorporated in the diagnostic report above: 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Patient Namc. Med Rec #:; Requested By: Ordered By Report Name: Electronic Signature **Electronically Signed Out by I certify that I personally conducted the diagnostic evaluation of the above specimen(s) and have rendered the final diagnosis(es).. Note: The histology. immunochemistry and in situ hybridization components Eor this case were performed at The Attending Pathologist reviewed this case and made the diagnosis.. Where applicable, immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization tests were. developed and the performance characteristics determined by the. have not been cleared or approved by the Us Food and Drug Administration and the results should be correlated with other clinical and laboratory data. Appropriate controls were performed for all immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization and histochemical tests. 12