
--- Page 1 ---
Date Coll: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN Right colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS:  Carcinoma of the hepatic flexure. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh labeled "right colon" is a previously unopened, 12 cm segment of proximal right colon with. attached 6 cm of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to scabrous tan-pink serosa with a moderate amount of attached mesocolon, mesentery and unremarkable omentum.  An unremarkable 6.6 cm appendix averaging 0.5 cm in diameter is present. The proximal and distal. margins measure 2.8. and 5 cm circumference respectively. On opening, there is a nearly circumferential, 10.8 x 8 cm partially necrotic dusky tan-gray-red tumor mass, 4 cm distal to the ileoceca valve. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximum thickness of 2.4 cm, grossly extending into the muscularis to within 1.1 cm of the inked free radial serosal surface..  The ileal and remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable, glistening tan-pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.5 cm in thickness.  Several slightly rubbery pale tan-white tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.4 cm in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and. mesentery. Representative sections are submitted in 15 blocks as. labeled. BLOCK SUMMARY: 1 - Proximal and distal margin; 2, 3 - tumor full. thickness to ink free radial serosal surface (orange); 4 - central. tumor; 5 - tumor to normal mucosa; 6 - Icv; 7 - random colon; 8 appendix; 9, 10, six whole lymph es per cassette; 11-15 bisected lymph node per cassette. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type:  Adenocarcinoma with mucinous differentiation. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated. Primary tumor (pT):  Extends through muscularis propria (pT3) Proximal margin: Not involved Distal margin:  Not involved Circumferential (radial) margin: Not involved. Vascular invasion: Not identified Regional lymph nodes (pN): No evidence of metastasis in 18 nodes (pN0) Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:.  Not identified Distant metastasis (pM) : Cannot be evaluated by this specimen (pMX) Other findings:  None 5

--- Page 2 ---
DIAGNOSIS Right colon, resection:. Adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated, with mucinous differentiation, 10.8 cm with invasion through the muscularis propria. Surgical margins uninvolved. No evidence of metastasis in 18 lymph nodes (0/18). Appendix, appendectomy:. No pathologic diagnosis. - End Of Report.