
--- Page 1 ---
1) SPECIMEN LABELED "RIGHT COLON ADENocARcINoMA (1l.8 cm), poorly differentiated, with neuroendocrine and signet ring cell features and focal mucin production. Tumor extends through the muscularis propria and involves the visceral peritoneum, The proximal, distal, and radial resection margins are free of tumor. Lymphovascular invasion is present. Appendix with fibrous obliteration and peri-appendiceal adhesions. METASTATIC CARCINOMA in one of thirty two (1:32) lymph nodes. CLINICAL DATA: History: None given. Operation: Rt colectomy clinical Diagnosis: Colon cancer abeled with the The specimen is received fresh, patient's name,unit numberand "1) Rt colon tumor bank)and consists of a partial colectomy specimen consisting of terminal ileum (8 cm length, 3.1 cm diameter,colon (27 cm length,4.5 cm diameter)appendix (4.5 cm length0.5 cm diameter),proximal stapled resection margin (4.1 cm)and distal stapled resection margin (4.6 cm. There is a red/tan, ulcerating, necrotic mass (11.8 x 5.5 x 5.0 cm with raised rolled borders at the ileocecal valve, extending through the wall creating a large, matted mass within the pericolonic fat, The mass is 8 cm from the extending to and possibly involving the appendix. proximal stapled resection margin, and 23 cm from the distal stapled resection margin. A tan mucosal polyp 0.4 x 0.3 x 0.2 cm is present 5.5 cm distal to the aforementioned ileocecal valve mass, and comes to within 18 cm of the distal stapled resection margin, and 17 cm of the proximal stapled resection The margin. The remaining colonic mucosa is tan/pink with normal folds. ileomucosa is tan/pink and velvety, with focally flattened folds adjacent to the mass. Multiple tan/white, indurated to tan/pink, rubbery lymph nodes are identified, ranging from 0.5-l.5 cm in greatest dimension. Representative sections of the tumor and normal colon, as well as half of a lymph node are submitted to the tumor bank for special studies. Micro 1: proximal stapled resection margin en face,2 frag, Micro 2: distal stapled resection margin, en face,2 frag, Micro 3: appendix tip-bisected, and mid appendix,3 frag, Micro 4 appendiceal os in relation to cecal/ileocecal mass, ileocecal valve mass, deepest extension frag, Micro 5-6: Micro 7: mass in relation to right colon, 1 frag, Micro nal ileum,1 frag, 8: mass in relation to ileocecal valve and Micro 9: additional colon mucosal polyp, 2 frag, remaining half of grossly positive lymph node (remainder to bank), Micro 10: 1frag, Micro 11: five single whole lymph nodes 12: seven single whole lymph nodes 7frag Micro Micro 13: eight single whole lymph nodes, 8 frag Micro 14: Micro 15: five signle whole lymph nodes, 5frag, SPECIMEN TYPE: COLONSEGMENTAL RESECT FOR TUMOR