
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:4EE74737-16F3-44DD-A18F-B418F17F6FAD TCGA-2Z-A9J6-01A-PR Redacted Pathology Report Final Diagnosis A. *LEFT RENAL MASS," PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 1, Fuhrman nuclear grade 2 of 4. See Key Pathological Findings. KEY PATHOLOGICAL FINDINGS Tumor type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 1. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman nuclear grade 2 of 4.. Pattern of growth: Solid. Tumor size: 2.0 cm. Invasion through Renal capsule: Not identified. Invasion of Gerota's Fascia: Not applicable Renal vein invasion: Not applicable. Surgical margins. Free. Non-neoplastic kidney. Mild chronic inflammation and focal glomerulosclerosis. Adrenal gland: Not applicable Lymph nodes: Not applicable. Pathologic stage: pT1aNXMX. I. the attending pathologist, personally reviewed the entire case and rendered the final diagnosis. Electronically Signed Out by ICD03 Specimen(s) Received 8Q6t|3 A  LEFT RENAL MASS Sit: CD Kidney Nt) Clinical History C 64.9 -year-old male with left renal mass. 4/Q8/14 Preoperative Diagnosis Not given. Frozen Section Diagnosis FSA1: LEFT RENAL MASS: Renal cell carcinoma with papillary features. Margin negative. Comment: This frozen section diagnosis/result was communicated to and acknowledged by Dr in OR M.D., have perfarmed the intraoperative consultation and issued the above diagnosis.

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description A. The specimen is received fresh labeled *left renal mass". The specimen consists of a 2.0 x 1.8 x 1.5 cm mass surrounded by a rim of renal parenchyma. This rim ranges in size from 0.2 to 0.8. cm. The specimen is inked as follows: Blue: Capsule around tumor. Green and black:. Renal parenchymal margin The specimen is serially sectioned to reveal a tan-yellow, homogenous and well-encapsulated mass. that does not involve the renal capsule or perinephric fat. The rim of renal parenchyma seems unremarkable. The specimen is submitted as follows: FSA1: Tumor and renal parenchymal margin submitted for frozen section diagnosis A2-A6: Sections of remaining tumor in relation to capsule and renal parenchyma Representative section of this tumor was submitted to the Tissue Procurement Laboratory.