
--- Page 1 ---
Patient Name Accession #: Med. Rec. #: Dale of Procedure DOB: Dato of Roceipt: Gender: Date of Report: Rof. Physician: Account #: Pallent Address: Billing Type. Additional Copy to Ref. Source: Clinical Diagnosis & History: Left renat mass. Specimens Submitted: 1: Lel kidney and portion of spleen; tolal nephrectony and partial splonectomy. DIAGNOSIS: Left kidney and portlon of spleen; total nephrectomy and partial splenectomy:. Tumor Type: Renal cell carcinoma - Papillary lype Type II Histologic Grade (for urothelial carcinona): High grade Tumor Size: Grealest diameter is 4.7 cm Local Invasion (for renal cortical typos): Extends through renal capsule but confined within Gerota's fascia Ronal Vein Invasion: Not identified Surgical Margins: Free of tumor Non-Neoplastic Kidney: Focal giomerulosclerosis and vascular changes consistent with clinical history of hypertension Adrenal Gland: Not identifiod Portion of benign congested spleen adherent lo kidney, not involved by lumor Lyniph Nodes: Not identified Staging for renal cell carcinoma/oncocytoma: pT1 Tumor <= 7.0 cnt in greatest dimonsion limited to the kidney Comnent: Case reviewed a Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
1ATTEST THAT THE ABOVE OIAGNOSIS IS BASED UPON MY PERSONAL EXAMINATION OF THE SLIDES (AND/OR QTHER MIATERIAL). AND THAT I HAVE REVIEWEDANDAPPROVEOTHISREPORT Special Studies: Result Special Stain Comment PAS Gross Description: 1. The specimen is received fresh labeled "lofl kidney and portion of spleen" and consists of the aforementioned organs with attached ureter, renat vessels and perinephric fal weighing 272.5 g in total. The kidney measures 10.6 x 5.6 x 4.6 cm. There is a 2.0 x 1.7 x 0.6 cmn fragment of grossly unremarkable spleen with a ragged surgical margin (inked blue). The attached ureter measures 4.5 cm in length and 0.3 cm in diameter. The atlached renal vein measures 0.9 cm in length and 0.8 cm in diameler. Tho renal vossels and urelor margins are grossly unremarkable. An adrenal gland is not identified. The kidney is inkod black and bivalved to reveal a 4.8 x 4.7 x 4.6 cm lobulated lesion wilh a ian yollow solid and cystic surface located in the upper pole and midporion of the kidney. This lesions breaks out inlo perinephric fat and is adherent to the fragment of spleen described above The tumor approaches wilhin 0.1 of the surgical margins but the margins are grossly negative. Seclions lhrough the kidney reveal a pink brown parenchyma. with a poorly-defined cortico-medullary junction. The cortex measures 0.9 cm and the calyces appear normal. Lymph nodes are nol identlied in the perinephric iat. Represenlative seclions are submitted for TPs and for permanent sections. A gross photograph is taken.. Summary ol sections: UVM -- ureteral and vessel margins T-- tumor including adherent spleen. THF-- tumor with hilar fat TSF -- tumor with sinus fat TK -- tumor with adjacent kidney. RP -- renat pelvis ropresontative sections K -- representative sections kidney. Summary of Sections: Part 1: Left kidney and portion of spleen; lotal nephrectomy and partial splenectomy Block Sect. Sito pCs 1 1 1 rp 1 5 5 2 thf 2 tk 2 Isf 2 1 uvm 1 Page 2 of 2 END OF REPORT