
--- Page 1 ---
Clinical Diagnosis & History year old male with kidney mass,(right. Specimens Submitted: 1:SP:Kidney,right,nephrectomy 2:SPLymph nodes,right precaval and paracaval, excision DIAGNOSIS: SP:Kidney,right, nephrectomy Tumor Type: Renal cell carcinoma-Chromophobe type Tumor Size: Greatest diameter is 11 cm. Local Invasion (for renal cortical types): Involves renal sinus fat Renal Vein Invasion: Not identified Surgical Margins: Free of tumor Non-Neoplastic Kidney: Exhibits patchy chronic interstitial inflammation and fibrosis,and glomerular sclerosis. Adrenal Gland: Not identified Lymph Nodes: Not identified Staging for renal cell carcinoma/oncocytoma: pT2 Tumor >7.0 cm in greatest dimension limited to the kidney Comment: Prominent nuclear atypia is present. 2. SP:Lymph nodes,right precaval and paracaval, excision: Lymph Nodes: Not involved Number of nodes examined:1 Page 1 of2

--- Page 2 ---
IATTEST THAT THE ABOVE DIAGNOSIS IS BASED UPON MY PERSONAL EXAMINATION OF THE SLIDES (AND/OR OTHER MATERIAL).AND THAT I HAVE REVIEWED AND APPROVED THIS REPORT Gross Description: 1).The specimen is received fresh, labeled "right radical nephrectomy" and consists of a kidney with attached ureter,renal vessels and perinephric fat weighing 771 g in total.The kidney measures 12 x 7 x 6 cm.The attached ureter measures 8.5 cm in length and 0.2 cm in diameter.The attached renal vein measures 0.2 cm in length and 0.5 cm in diameter. The renal vessels and ureter margins are grossly unremarkable. An adrenal gland is not identified. The kidney is inked black and bivalved to reveal a 11 x 9 x 7 cm necrotic, lobulated yellow and hemorrhagic mass in the lower pole extending to the mid kidney and renal pelvis. The mass entirely replaces the lower portion of the kidney. The mass grossly extends to the renal capsule but does not penetrate through it. The mass appears to extend into the perihilar fat. Sections through the remainder of the kidney reveal a pink-brown parenchyma,with a well-defined cortico-medullary junction.The cortex measures 0.2 cm and the calyces appear normal. No lymph nodes are identified in the perinephric fat.Representative sections are submitted for TPS and for permanent sections. Summary of sections: UVM-- ureteral and vessel margins Ttumor THF-- tumor with hilar fat TK-- tumor with adjacent kidney RP-- renal pelvis representative sections K--representative sections kidney TC-tumor with capsule 2). The specimen is received in formalin, labeled "Right precaval and paracaval lymph nodes" and consists of a single brown-tan fleshy lymph node measuring 7 x 1 x 0.6 cm.The lymph node is trisected and entirely submitted. Summary of sections: T-trisected lymph node Summary of Sections: Part 1:SP:Kidney,right,nephrectomy Block Sect.Site PCs 1 k 1 1 rp 1 9 t 9 2 tc 2 3 thf 3 1 tk 1 1 uvm 1 Part 2:SP:Lymph nodes,right precaval and paracaval,excision Block Sect.Site PCs 3 T 3 Page2of2 END OFREPORT