
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA--BP--4795 Accession #: Dale of Procedure: Date of Recelpt: Date of Report: Account #: Bllling Type: Additional Copy to: Rof. Source: Clinlcal Diagnosis & History:. Ith right renal mass incidentally found. Specimens Submitted: 1: SP: Right kidney; nephrectomy. 2: SP: Lymph nodes, paracaval; excision DIAGNOSIS: SP: Right kidney; nephrectomy. Tumor Type:  Renal celf carclnoma - Conventional (clear cell) lype. Fuhman Nuclear Grade: Nuclear grade II/IV Tumor Size: Greatest dlameter is 1.5 cm. Local Invasion (for renal cortical lypes): Not ldentified Renal Vein invasion: Not identified Surglcal Margins: Free of lumor Non-Neoplaslic Kidney: Marked glonerulosclerosis and chronic pyelonephritis. Adrenal Gland: Not submitted Lymph Nodes: Not Identlfled Staging for renal cell carcinoma/oncocytoma: pT1 Tumor <= 7.0 cm In greatest dimension limited to the kidney. Comment:  The tumor has "clear cell-papillary features" as has been described in kidneys with inipaired renal function. 2.SP: Lymph nodes, paracaval; exclslon. Lymph Nodes; Not involved Number of nodes examined:2 Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
1ATTEST THAT THE ABOVE DIAGNOSIS IS BASED UPON MY PERSONAL. EXAMINATION OF THE SLIDES (AND/OR OTHER MATERIAL), AND THAT I HAVE REVIEWED AND APPROVED THIS REPORT. Special Studles: Result Special Stain Comment RECUT Gross Description: 1). The specimen is received fresh labeled "right kidney' and consists of a kidney with attached ureter, renal vessels and perinephric fat weighing 150 g In total. The kidney measures 8 x 5 x 3.5 cm. The attached ureter measures 3 cm in length and 0.3 cm in diameter. No adrenal gland is identlfied. The kidney is inked black and bivalved to reveal a well circumscribed tan. nodule in the upper pole, ineasuring 1.5 x 1.3 cm on cross-section. The tumor replaces the renal coriex, reaches but does not penelrate to the renal capsule, and pelvis. The renal parenchyma in the upper pole is brownish necrotic, with an ill defined. corlicomedullary junction. The renal parenchyma in the lower pole is relatively preserved. The cortex In this ares measures 0.4 cm. No lymph node is identified. The entire tumor is submitted. TPS is taken. Representative sections are submitled. Summary of sections: UVM -- ureterol and vessel margins T-. tumor UK -- representatlve sections of upper pole kidney  LK -- representative sections lower pole kidney F -- fot 2.) The speclmen is recelved in formalln, labeled "paracaval lymph nodes" and consists of multiple ploces of flbroadipose tissue measuring 3.8 x 3.3 x 1.8 cm in aggrogate. Within this tissue, two lymph nodes are identifled measuring 1.3 and 0.6 cm in greatest dimenslon. The Iymph nodes are entirely submitted. Summary of sections: LN - lymph nodes Summary of Sections: Part 1:  SP: Right kidney; nephrectomy Block Sect. Site PCs 1 F 1 1 LK 1 5 T 5 1 UK T 1 UVM 1 Part 2:$P: Lymph nodes, paracoval; excislon Block Sect. Site PCs 1 LN 1 Page 2 of 2 END OF REPORT