
--- Page 1 ---
PREVIOUS DIAGNOSIS INQUIRY UUID:104F14E5-32DF-4DEF-BB06-307DC8FEE6A1 TCGA-LS-A40W-01A-PR Redacted PAGE #: SEX: F PROCEDURE:  SPHS sear-old female with prior gastric stapling procedure for obesity and has now developed a distal esophageal Barrett's carcinoma. Operative procedure: Transhiatal esophagectomy. Peripancreatic soft tissue frozen.. Ics-0 -3 hidinocchomn N0s f14013 Sits: esrphagu, chshl thril PROCEDURE: SPGD Cis.s 1. "peripancreatic soft tissue Fs" Received fresh in a small container is a lw 2.0 x 1.1 x 0.3 cm soft tissue. 1A.&3. Frozen section control. 10/9/1 2. "Low paraesophegeal left lymph node Fs Received fresh in a small container is a lymph node, 1.1 cm, bisected. Frozen section control.. 3. "Thoracic esophagus" Received in a small container is a 7.2 cm segment of distal esophagus with an attached 7.0 x 4.0 x 3.5 cm stomach. Attached to the distal portion ot the stomach is a 4.8 cm segment ot bowel, stapled at the margin. The GE junction is remarkable for a 3.1 x 2.3 cm fungating lesion extending 1.6 cm to involve the esophagus, and 2.8 cm to involve the stomach, it is tan-red and centratly ulcerated. The mass extending to within 6.0 cm'of the esophageal margin, and 7.8 cm of the bowei margin. The surface corresponding this area is inked black. Sectioning of the mass reveals ill-defined tan-shite cut surfaces grossly abutting the muscularis, with a maxinuun thickness of t.9 cm. The remaining esophageal uucosa is pink-tan grossly unremarkable with an internal circumference of 4.5 cm and a walt thickness of t.0 cm. The gastric mucosa is tan, with grossty unremarkable rugal folds. At the Junction of the anastomosis between the bowel and the stomach is. a 0.8 x. 0.5 cm full-thickness defect. The bowel mucosa is red-brown, hemorrhagic. Attached adipose tissue has. ten possibte lymph nodes ranging from 0 .2 to 0.8 cm. 3A. Tumor to esophageal mucosa. 3B. Tunor to gastric mucosa. 3C.-E. Remaining tumor. 3F. Anastomosis. 3G. Aforementioned full-thickness detect to bowel margin. 3H. Five whole possible lymph nodes. 3I. Four whote possible lymph nodes. 3J. Largest possible lymph node. 8isected. 4.-#Cervieat-margin" -- Received in- a- smatt- container is t-+.7--em-segment- esophagus with a grossly unremarkable trans surface. It is lined by tan-white grossly unremarkable mucosa. Wall thicknesses averages to 0.8 cm. The end opposite the stapled end is shaved and submitted in one cassette.. FROZEN SECTION REPORT: 1A.&B. One lymph node negative for carcinoma.

--- Page 2 ---
PREVIOUS DIAGNOSIS INQUIRY PAGE #: SEX: F 2. Metastatic adenocarcinoma. have reviewed and interpreted the frozen section. material at the time it was requested.. Permanent sections confirm frozen section reports.. PROCEDURE: SPMI ESOPHAGEAL, CARDIAC AND GASTROESOPHAGEAL JUNCTION CARCINCMA: Type of carcinoma: Adenocarcinoma, spanning the GE junction.. Depth of irvasion: Muscularis propria.. Number of positive lymph nodes: 2/11. Extranodal metastasis: Unknown. Pattern ot invasion: Infiltrative and expansile.. Esophageal and gastric resection margins involved: No. Deep resection margin involved: No. TNM classification: T2 N1 Mx. PROCEDURE: SPDX 1. Lymph node, peripancreetic, excision: One lymph node negative for. carcinoma. 2...Lywphnode... Latt.- Low paraesophagesl. oxcisions-- Metastatie--aden. one lymph node. 3&4. Esophagus, resection: Invasive adenocarcinoma spanning the Ge junction,. extending into the muscularis propria. Metastatic carcinoma in two of eleven lymph nodes. Margins negative. Please see template for details. the signing staff pathologist, have personally examined