
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: 36814259-5757-4205-A247-89D7529AD2CB TCGA-KV-A6GE-01A-PR Redacted Surgical Pathology Report DATE OBTAINED: DATE RECEIVED: DATE REPORTED: CC DIAGNOSIS RIgHT RENAl MASS, PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMy: PAPILLARY RENAL CELl CARCINOMA (TYPE 1). Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 1 zCD-o3 Fuhrman nuclear grade: II of IV Sarcomatoid features: Not identified Tumor Necrosis: Not identified 8Q0/3 Tumor size: 2.1 cm Tumor site: Right kidney Tumor focality: Unifocal Cb4.9 Macroscopic extent of tumor: Confined to kidney Microscopic extent of tumor: In|3  No transcapsular invasion. Lymphatic/vascular invasion: Absent Margins: Negative, SEE COMMENT. Other Tumors/cysts: Absent Non-neoplastic kidney:  Renal cortical parenchyma with arterial thickening and focal chronic interstitial. inflammation Adrenal gland: Not submitted Lymph nodes: No nodes submitted cTNM (given by clinician): Stage I pTNM: pT1a AJCC Stage: Stage I **Electronically Signed Out*** COMMENT Histologic sections of the right renal mass show a renal cortical neoplasm forming papillae with underlying fibrovascular cores filled with foamy macrophages. No necrosis or high-grade nuclei are identified.  Immunohistochemical studies show the tumor cells to be positive for CK 7, AMACR, and CD 10 supporting the diagnosis of papillary renal cell carcinoma. The tumor is present at the parenchymal margin in an area described by the surgeon as disrupted intraoperatively, and not representing the final true margin (inked orange). The rest of this parenchymal margin is negative for tumor (inked blue).. 88307, 88342 x 3 Clinical Diagnosis and History: Right renal ca Trt Ciinical stage ! Tissue(s) Submitted: RIGHT RENAL MASS Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Surgical Pathology Report Gross Description: The specimen is received fresh for intraoperative consultation and labeled as right renal mass and consists of an ovoid, grey- brown, shaggy specimen measuring 4.0 x 2.5 x 2.0 cm. One half of the specimen is covered in fibrous and adipose tissue while the other half consists of tan-brown, duil, renal tissue as identified by the surgeon. Also, as per surgeon, there is a 0.4 cm defect at the parenchymal margin, this is inked orange. The rest of the parenchymal margin is inked blue. The capsular margin is inked black. Note is made of another defect of the capsular margin measuring 0.3 cm in diameter, this inked green. Serial sections of this entire specimen reveal a 2.1 x 1.7 cm fleshy, yellow-brown, solid mass with hemorrhagic center. There is a 1.0 mm rim of normal renal tissue grossly identified. Also submitted with the right renal mass are fragments of yellow-tan, fibrofatty tissues with an aggregate measurement of 5.0 x 4.0 x 1.0 cm. The entire specimen is submitted as follows:. 1A-1D: serial sections of the entire mass 1E-1F: mass in relation to the capsule perpendicularly sectioned. 1G-1L:  entire fibrofatty tissue that was submitted with the renal mass.. Intraoperative Consult Diagnosis TUMOR GROSSLY AT POINT WHERE TUMOR SPLIT (IDENTIFIED BY SURGEON NOT FINAL MARGIN). S.Z2013  Page 2 of 2 END OF REPORT