
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: 85BA09A1-D62B-497F-AEB8-44E9BD279A8B CGA-UZ-A9PZ-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT * wIth ADDenDum * Patient Name: Accession #: Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date: : DOB: Sex: Received: Soc. Sec. #: Location: Client: Physician(s): Final Pathologic Diagnosis Right kidney, partia! nephrectomy: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, through renal capsule, not present at margins; see comment. ICDO 3 J 8Q60|3 Comment: Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment SiteOKudney NoS C64.9 - Grade: Fuhrman grading for RCC: II.. - Tumor size: 2.2 cm. - Site within kidney: Unknown. - Renal pelvis: Not applicable. - Ureter: Not applicable. - Renal sinus: Not applicable. - Hitar renal veins: Not applicable. - Intrarenal veins and Iymphatics: Normal.. - Adrenal gland: Not present. - Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor penetrates capsule with microscopic growth in perirenal fat. - Lymph node status: None present.. - Resection margins: - Ureter: Not applicable.. - Renal vein: Not applicable. - Soft tissue: Negative (tumor is 0.2 cm from margin). - Renal parenchyma: Negative (tumor is 0.02 cm from margin).. - AJcc/UIcC Stage: pT3aNX. Section(s) of renal parenchyma not involved by neoplasm will be reviewed by. with results reported by addendum. Specimen(s) Received.

--- Page 2 ---
A:Right renal mass (FS) Intraoperative Diagnosis IOC1 (A) Right kidney, partial nephrectomy: 2.2 cm spherical renal neoplasm, confined within capsule, 0.1 cm from parenchymal margin. Clinical History OR Room and Phone # (frozen specimen : intraoperative consults only): Relevant History The patient is a  who, according to .. has a 2.5 cm right renal mass found during workup for gross hematuria. The patient now undergoes partial nephrectomy. Gross Description The case is received fresh labeled with the patient's name, medical record number, and additionally Iabeled "right renal mass (fresh)" and consists of a portion of kidney (25.3 gm; size of whole specimen 7 x 4.5 x 3.5 cm; size of kidney 3 x 2.5 x 2.2 cm). GROsS ABNORMALITIES: One, well-circumscribed, homogeneous, encapsulated, tan-yellow, firm lesion (2.2 x 2 x 1.8 cm) is identified, confined to the kidney parenchyma, 0.1 cm from the parenchymal. margin and 0.2 cm from the perinephric soft tissue margin. The remaining kidney parenchyma is tan-pink and firm. The perinephric adipose tissue is deep yellow and glistening. No lymph nodes are identified. ORIENTED BY: Unoriented INTRAOPERATIVE FINDINGS: Intraoperative consult #1 INKING: -Parenchymal margin-black -Perinephric soft tissue margin-blue pOTENTIAL STUDIES: Snap frozen CAsserres: Representative sections are submitted cassettes as follows: A1-A2: Lesion at closest approach to parenchymal margin. A3-A4: Lesion at closest approach to perinephric soft tissue margin. A5: Uninvolved kidney. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of atl pathology slides. The attending pathologist has reviewed all dictations, including prosector work, and preliminary interpretations performed by any resident involved in the case and performed all necessary edits before signing the final report. Electronically signed out on Addendum Date Ordered: Status: Date Complete: By: Date Reported: Addendum Diagnosis Addendum Comment The section of uninvolved kidney (slide A5) was reviewed by and shows no specific pathologic abnormality. Electronica! hw i4py PAAD