
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:1E62D739-C4E6-4A3D-AB24-FA4DE1E2F992 TCGA-H6-A45N-01A-PR Redacted ic D O-3 adenxarci nmq,NOS 8(4)|3 Final Surgical Pathology Report. Sik: c4<f: pan<r<as,+ai 1 Procedure: ca5.2 Diagnosis Distal pancreas and spleen, excision - Path: pancseas,No5 Poorly differentiated pancreatic adenocarcinoma, extending into c qs.9 Carcinoma extends at least near to outer resection margin, but not definitively identified at outer margin. q71z  Proximal margin negative for high-grade dysplasia and carcinoma (see microscopic description). RD Spleen without specific diagnostic abnormalities. Metastatic adenocarcinoma in one of twelve (l/12) lymph nodes. Microscopic Description: The following template summarizes the findings in this case: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma. The specimen also has dilated ducts lined by mucinous epithelium, including in the grossly separate cyst submitted in blocks A3 & A4, compatible with (branch duct-type) Histologic grade: Poorly differentiated Primary tumor: pT3. Carcinoma extends into peripancreatic soft tissues. Margins of resection: Carcinoma extends at least near to the inked outer margin, but is not definitively identified at this margin. There without high grade dysplasia or carcinoma identified at the proximal margin. Regional lymph nodes: pNl. There is metastatic adenocarcinoma in one of twelve (1/12) lymph nodes, with the positive lymph node in block #14. Distant metastasis: Not applicable Vascular invasion: Not definitively identified Other findings: There is perineural invasion by carcinoma, including in areas that grossly appeared normal (block #5). The spleen is without specific diagnostic abnormalities. Note: It is uncertain if the poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma has arisen from the IpmN, or if the Ipmn is an incidental finding in the background. This case has been reviewed in Intradepartmental Consultation, with essential concurrence with the interpretation, with most reviewers favoring the Ipmn is incidental. Specimen Distal pancreas, spleen. Clinical Information PRE-Op DIAGnOsIs: Pancreatic cancer

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description Received fresh in a container labeled "distal pancreas, spleen" is a 9 x 5.5 x 3.5 cm portion of distal pancreas, which attached 110 g, 10 x 7.8 x 3.5 cm, spleen. The surface of the spleen is gray-tan and. with diffuse white stippling, without gross abnormality.. There are a. few areas on the hilar surface of the spleen, approximately 2 cm in  The pancreas has a. greatest dimension, where the capsule is absent.. stapled margin proximally. The staples are removed and this surface is. inked black. The remainder of the surface of the pancreas is inked blue. A firm mass can be palpated from the outer aspect of the specimen. The specimen is sectioned, and there is a white-tan ill. circumscribed mass 4.5 x 3.7 x 2.7 cm.  The mass is 3 cm from the proximal resection margin, and 3.5 cm from the spleen..  The pancreatic duct can be traced on cut surface to the tumor, but cannot be probed. The pancreatic duct appears to be markedly stenotic and possibly Obliterated through the area of the tumor.. The pancreatic duct lining. is inked green for identification purposes.  There is some residual. normal appearing tan pancreatic tissue grossly identified outside of the mass. There is an apparent cystic structure near, but not clearly at, the proximal margin of the specimen, 0.7 cm in greatest dimension. This cyst is 0.2 cm from the pancreatic duct. There are a few tan lymph nodes identified in the surrounding adipose tissue. Rs-15, following fixation.. BLOck sumMARy: 1 - vascular margin; 2 - spleen; 3,4 - entire pancreatic cyst, with block 3 including adjacent pancreatic duct margin; 5 grossly normal pancreatic tissue; 6-l1 - tumor, including relation to the pancreatic duct and outer margin; 12-14 - lymph nodes; 15 - additional tissue from proximal pancreatic margin.