
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:A214150E-54BD-499D-A56D-082BAC861668 TCGA-OR-A5JM-01A-PR Redacted EcD-o-3 'Crcinomo-, Odreuab csrtreaI |Sex: F 8370/3 Site: Adruas 6hue,cortex. Specimen : Tissue c74D 9D1|ssfi3 HISTORY: 1. Left upper quadrant. 2. Subsequent 3 liver. 3. Retroperitoneal fat behind tumour. MACROSCOPIC: A. "LEFT UPPER QUADRANT MASS". A spleen, pancreas and kldney attached to a tumorous mass. The tumorous mass measures 100mm from superior to inferior, 80mm from medial to lateral and 9omm from anterior to posterior. The External surface of the tumorous mass is multilobulated and vascularised. In one of the areas there is a defect which corresponds to a piece of tissue taken for med!cal research. The tumorous mass is Iocated aside the spleen, posterior from the pancreas and superior from the kidney. The mass is located on the anatomical place of the adrenal gland. On sectioning the tumour is white yellow with areas of haemorrhage and central necrosis . within the tumour the adrenal gland is identified. Macroscopically the tumour is attached to the perirenal fat but does not involve the kidney. The segment of pancreas attached to the tumour measures 65mm in maximum length and 35mm in maximum diameter. Macroscopically it is not. involved by the tumour. The spleen measures 150mm from superior to inferior, 90mm from anterior to posterior and 7omm from medial to lateral. The serosal surface is shiny. and granular. The cut surface is unremarkable . The left kidney measures 111mm from superior to inferior, 7Onm from middle to lateral and 30mm from anterior to posterior. The serosal surface is shiny. The cut surface is unremarkable.. (1-3 tumour; 4&5 tumour with adrenal gland; 6 pancreas section margin; 7 pancreas with fat adjacent to tumour; 8 spleen with: fat adjacent to the tumour; 9 spleen; 10 kidney; 11 perirenal fat adjacent to the tumour). Further tissue: 12 ureter section margin and section margin of rena! hilar vessels, 13-14 kidney renal pelvis.15-16  pancreas. B. "sEGMENT 3 LIVER". A piece of liver measuring 60x50x30mm. On sectioning there is a nodular white firm tumour measuring 20x20mm. It is located 10mm from the surgical margin. C. "PERI-PERITONEAL FAT BEHIND TUMOUR". An irregular piece of fat tissue Distribution:FILE-COPY, SANCER-REGISTRY Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
measuring 80x35x5mm. No tumour deposits are identified. MICROSCOPIC: A. The sections show adrenal gland from which arises a lobulated tumour composed of nests and fascicles of calls with intervening sinusoidal vascular pattern. There is moderate to severe nuclear pleomorphism and with broad areas of necrosis. Nuclear hyperchromasia and granular chromatin is present with nucleoli In many cells. Cytoplasm. is pale to eosinophilic and in some areas somewhat vacuolated. There are up to 18. mitoses per 10/hpf. There is infiltration into periadrenal adipose tissue and there is also invasion into adrenal hilar vein. The tumour abuts the inked margin in many areas. Sections of the spleen are unremarkable. The pancreas and pancreatic resection margin are unremarkable apart from patchy pancreatic degeneration at the pancreatic resection * margin. The sectian of the kidney is unremarkable.. IMMUNOHISTOCHEMISTRY: There is positive staining for Melan-A and inhibin (patchy). The stains for calretinin, EMA, CAM5.2, and AE1/AE3 are negative.. B. The sections show liver with a deposit of tumour with features identical to that seen in specimen A. The tumour abuts the liver capsule but does not penetrate to capsular. surface and appears clear of the diathermied surgical margin of the liver.. C. The sectlons show adipose tissue. There is no evidence of malignancy. COMMENT: The appearances are those of adrenal cortical carcinoma. DIAGNOSIS: A. LEFT UPPER QUADRANT MASS - ADRENAL CORTICAL CARCINOMA. B. SEGMENT 3 LIVER - ADRENAL CORTICAL CARCINOMA. C. PERITONEAL FAT BEHIND TUMOUR - NEGATIVE FOR MALIGNANCY. REPORTED BY : AUTHORISED BY : 33 DISEASE Codes :T-B3000,M-83703 Page 2 of 2