
--- Page 1 ---
CGA-A6-2684 SPECIMEN A. Apical node. B. Right hemicolectomy. CLINICAL NOTES PRE-op DIAGNosIs: Adenocarcinoma of cecum. GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received fresh labeled "apical node" is an ovoid, 1.0 x 0.6 x 0.5 cm. soft tan pink tissue which is bisected and entirely submitted in one block. As-1. B. Received fresh labeled "right hemicolectomy" is a previously unopened 28 cm. segment of proximal right colon with attached 17 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to scabrous tan-pink serosa with a moderate amount of attached mesocolon and mesentery. An unremarkable 3.7 cm. appendix averaging 0.5 cm. in diameter is present. The proximal and distal margins measure 3.9 and 6.1 cm. in circumference respectively. On opening, there is a 5.3 x 2.0 cm. rubbery tan-pink-red lesion at the ileocecal valve.. A portion of the lesion and a portion of normal are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. On sectioning, the lesion has a maximal thickness of 1.3 cm., grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.5 cm. of the closest ink-free radial serosal surface. The remaining ileal and colonic mucosa is unremarkable, glistening tan-pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.5 cm. in thickness. Multiple slightly rubbery pale tan tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.0 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. Representative sections are submitted in 12 blocks as labeled. Rs-12. BLOcK suMMARY: 1 - proximal and distal margins; 2, 3 - tumor full thickness to ink-free radial serosal surface; 4, 5 - tumor to.

--- Page 2 ---
GROSS DESCRIPTION adjacent mucosa; 6 - random ileal and colonic mucosa; 7 - appendix; 8-10 - eight whole lymph nodes per cassette; 11 - seven whole lymph nodes; bisected largest lymph node. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A. The apical lymph node demonstrates one lymph node with. no evidence of metastatic disease. B. The following template applies to the right. hemicolectomy: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated.. Primary tumor (pT): 5.3 cm., extending into, but not through, the muscularis propria (pT2). Proximal margin: Negative. Distal margin: Negative. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative.. Vascular invasion: Not identified. Regional lymph nodes (pN): No evidence of metastasis in thirty-two additional lymph nodes (pn0). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified. Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot be evaluated by this specimen. (pMX). Other findings: The appendix is unremarkable.. 3, 5 DIAGNOSIS A. Apical lymph node, resection: No evidence of metastasis in one lymph node (0/1). B. Right colon, hemicolectomy: DIAGNOSIS Adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated, 5.3 cm., with. extension into, but not through, muscularis propria.. Surgical margins uninvolved. Thirty-two lymph nodes with no evidence of metastatic. disease (0/32). Appendix with no pathologic abnormality..