
--- Page 1 ---
PECIMEN Right colectomy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNosIS: Cecal cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh, for tissue procurement labeled "right colectomy" is a previously unopened, 13 cm. segment of proximal right colon with attached 10.5 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to scabrous serosa with a moderate amount of mesocolon and mesentery with multiple large palpable aberrant nodes. A 7.8 cm. appendix averaging 0.7 cm. in diameter is present. The proximal and distal margins measure 4.2 and 8.5 cm. in circumference respectively. On opening, there is a poorly defined, 9.0 x 5.5 cm. rubbery to friable tan white-pink tumor mass occupying the cecal pouch and extending up to the ileocecal valve. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 2.0 cm., grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.3 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface (see blocks 2 and 3). The ileal and remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable glistening tan pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.5 cm. in thickness. Multiple soft to rubbery tan white to pink gold tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 4.8 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. The largest node appear grossly positive. Representative sections are submitted in 16 blocks as labeled. RS16. BLOcK suMMARy: 1 - Proximal and distal margins; 2 and 3 - tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface; 4 and 5 - tumor full thickness within cecal pouch (point of continuity inked red); 6 - tumor to normal; 7 - Icv; 8 - random colon; 9 - appendix; 10-12 six whole lymph nodes per cassette; 13 and 14 - two grossly positive lymph nodes represented per cassette; 15 and 16 - one grossly.

--- Page 2 ---
GROSS DESCRIPTION positive lymph node represented per cassette.. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Invasive adenocarcinoma not otherwise specified. Histologic grade: Poorly differentiated with grade 3 nuclei Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the muscularis propria. into the pericolonic fat (pT3) Proximal margin: Negative for tumor Distal margin:  Negative for tumor Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor Distance of tumor from closest margin: 10 cm. from ileal margin (proximal) Vascular invasion: Prominent lymphatic space invasion is noted (slide 5) Regional lymph nodes (pN): Prominent lymph node metastasis is documented with metastatic tumor in 11 of 23 lymph nodes (pN2b).. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Present with extension of tumor. beyond lymph node capsules. Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot evaluate (pMx) Other findings: An adenomatous polyp is identified adjacent to the tumor.  The appendix is histologically unremarkable and the background sections of colon are histologically unremarkable. 5, 3260F DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, right ileal colectomy: Invasive poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, tumor invades. through muscularis propria into pericolonic fat (pT3). Margins are negative for tumor. Lymphatic space invasion present. Metastatic adenocarcinoma present in 11 of 23 lymph nodes.. (pN2b) Extranodal tumor present. End Of Report