
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN SUBMITTED: Right Kidney Procedure dateTissue received Report Date Diagnosed by Kidney, right. radical nephrectomy: -Renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe type, see synoptic report. -Unremarkable adrenal gland Kidney: Nephrectomy, partial or radical Synopsis. MACROSCOPIC Specimen Type: Right radical nephrectomy.. Focality:Unifocal. Tumor Size Greatest dimension:7.2 cm.. Macroscopic extent of tumor: Tumor limited to kidney MICROSCOPIC Histologic Type: Chromophobe renal cell carcinomae Histologic Grade: G4: Nuclei bizarre and multilobated, 20 microns or greater: nucleoli prominent, chromatin clumped. EXTENT OF INVASION

--- Page 2 ---
Primary Tumor: pT2: Tumor more than 7 cm in greatest dimension. limited to the kidney Regional Lymph Nodes: pNX: Cannot be assessed Lymph Nodes: None submitted. Distant metastasis: pMX: Cannot be assessed Margins: Margins uninvolved by invasive carcinoma. Adrenal gland: Uninvolved by tumor Venous invasion:Absent. Additional Pathologic Findings: None identified. Clinical: Right renal tumor.. Gross: The specimen is received fresh labeled with the patient's name and "right kidney." It consists of a right kidney with attached perinephric adipose tissue that measures 16 x 9 x 5.5 cm. A segment of ureter is present and measures 3.5 cm in length. An adrenal gland is present and measures 3.5 x 2 x 1 cm. A probe is passed into the ureter and the ureter is opened longitudinally to the pelvis. The kidney is then bivalved through the pelvic caliceal system. A tumor that measures 7.2 x 6 x 3 cm is present in the upper pole of the kidney. The cut surface of the tumor is partially maroon brown and partially tan. Tumor invasion into the perinephric adipose tissue is not identified. Invasion of the renal the ureter and pelvis are unremarkable. The adrenal gland is serially sliced and no abnormalities are noted. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: A = sections of the ureteral. renal vein and renal artery margins, B-E = representative sections of tumor in relation to perinephric fat and adjacent renal parenchyma. F = section of grossly uninvolved renal parenchyma, G = representative sections of adrenal gland. H-K = representative sections of hilar and perinephric fat containing possible nodes, L =  additional sections of distal ureter. M-Q = additional sections of tumor with capsule.