
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY Diagnosis: Kidney, left, partial nephrectomy Histologic tumor type/subtype: papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 2 Sarcomatoid features: not identified Histologic grade (if applicable): Fuhrman nuclear grade 2 (of 4) Tumor size (greatest dimension): 8.5 cm Tumor focality: focal Extent of tumor invasion (if present specify if macroscopic or microscopic):  Capsular invasion/perirenal adipose tissue: absent Gerota' s fascia: absent Renal sinus: not applicable Major veins (renal vein or segmental branches, Ivc): not applicable Ureter: not applicable Venous (large vessel): absent Lymphatic (small vessel): absent Histologic assessment of surgical margins: Renal parenchymal margin (partial nephrectomy only): negative Renal capsular margin (partial nephrectomy only): negative Paranephric adipose tissue margin (partial nephrectomy only): negative Gerota' s fascia (nephrectomy): not applicable Renal vein (nephrectomy): not applicable Ureter (nephrectomy): not applicable Adrenal gland: not submitted Lymph nodes: none identified AJcC Staging: pT2 pNx

--- Page 2 ---
This staging information is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending clinical review and additional information. inical History:. -year-old male with a left renal mass. Gross Description: Received is one appropriately labeled container, additionally labeled "left kidney" and is a 159.8 gram 8.5 x 7.3 x 5.5 cm circumscribed soft nodule, partially covered with a predominantly intact capsule with a 1.3 cm irregular area of disruption. The exposed parenchymal margin is 5.7 x 5.2 cm and is inked black. The intact capsule is inked blue. Sectioning demonstrates a solid soft golden yellow/tan cut surface abutting blue and black inked capsular and parenchymal margins, respectively. It also communicates with the orange inked previously described defect. No cystic component is identified. There is a rim of renal parenchyma along the black inked surgical margin. There is a small amount of attached perinephric fat. The renal tissue at the periphery grossly appears unremarkable. Block Summary: Inking: capsule/blue, parenchyma/black, defect/yellow Al - tumor in relationship to black inked parenchymal margin A2-A3 - tumor and overlying capsule A4 - edge of defect A5-A6 - central tumor