
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-2671 SPECIMEN Left colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Sigmoid colon GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh, subseguently fixed in formalin, labeled. "left colon" is a 22 cm long portion of colon.' The. specimen is intact, partially covered with pink-tan, smooth glistening serosa and abundant yellow lobular fat. The specimen is unoriented. One end is inked blue and the opposite end is inked black. The serosa is pink-tan smooth glistening and is partially covered with abundant yellow lobular fat. The specimen is opened to show a pink-tan, smooth glistening mucosa with an average. circumference of 5.5 cm. The specimen shows a 3.7 x 2.5 x 0.7 cm exophytic lesion which comes within 4.5 cm of the nearest luminal margin. The cut surface of the tumor shows invasion through the muscularis propria, and continuity with serosal puckering. There is invasion into the fat, coming within less than 1 cm of the radial margin. The remainder of the mucosa is pink-tan, smooth glistening with normal folds, having an average circumference of 5.5 cm. Lymph nodes are grossly identified. Representative sections submitted as follows: Block 1 - representative luminal margin; block 2 - tumor to normal and serosal umbilication; block 3 - representative section of tumor to fat and radial margin; block 4 - representative section of tumor to radial margin; blocks 5 and 6 - possibly mottled lymph node subjacent to tumor; block 7 - five possible lymph nodes subjacent to tumor; block 8 - nine possible lymph nodes; block 9 - four possible lymph nodes; black 10 - five possible lymph nodes; block 11 - six possible lymph nodes. Rs-6. GROSS DESCRIPTION

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Moderately-differentiated Primary tumor: pt3 (carcinoma extends through the muscularis propria, to less than 1 mm fron the serosal surface, which is not directly involved. Proximal margin: Negative. Distal margin: Negative. Circumferential (radial) margin: negative; carcinoma is less than mm from the radial margin. Vascular invasion:  Probable Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic carcinoma in three of 27 1ymph nodes (3/27). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: four tumor nodules without associated lymphoid tissue identified. 5 DIAGNOSIS Colon, sigmoid, segmental resection: Adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated. - Carcinoma invades through the muscularis propria into the subserosal fat (pT3). - Margins negative (carcinoma less than 1 mm from the radial margin).  Metastatic carcinoma in three of 27 lymph nodes (3/27). - Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor deposits present within the serosal fat (four nodules). DIAGNOSIS