
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:6F1D0DF7-40E0-453A-B5A1-240C90EED5C1 tcgA-pj-a8Ju-01a-pr Redacted Patient: Pathology #: Med. Record. No.: Date of Procedure: Date of Birth: Sex: Date Received: Submitted by: Report also to: Pathology Report TcD-0-3 Cersnons, yoapillery rira DIAGNOSIS: 8Q60|3 ee0l Site: RYidrey Nos C649 SPECIMEN Right radical nephrectomy TUMOR Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma Histologic grade (Fuhrman nuclear grade): Grade 2 Focality: Solitary within specimen Tumor size (greatest dimension):3.5cm Extent of direct tumor invasion:.  No direct extension beyond kidney. Sarcomatoid component: Absent Lymphovascular invasion (excluding renal vein):  Absent Renal vein involvement:  Absent Pathologic findings in non-neoplastic kidney:. No additional significant pathologic findings. Adrenal:  Not present MARGINS All margins negative for carcinoma. LYMPH NODES Cannot be assessed STAGING (AJCC) Primary Tumor: pT1a Lymph Nodes: pNX Distant Metastasis: Not applicable CLINICAL INFORMATION: Right renal mass. SPECIMEN(S) RECEIVED: Right kidney Pathology Report Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Patient: MRN: GROSS DESCRIPTION: Received fresh is a 643 gram radial nephrectomy which consists of a 9 x 6.5 x 5.5 cm kidney and surrounding perinephric fat, 0.8 to 6 cm. An adrenal gland is not submitted with the specimen. Located centrally in the mid pole of the kidney is a soft, nodular, well-circumscribed 3.5 x 3 x 2.5 cm dark red to red-yellow mass. The lesion compresses the renal pelvis but does not grossly appear to invade into it. The lesion grossly comes to within 0.1 cm of the cortical surface and to within 0.6 cm of Gerota's fascia which is inked. Sectioning through the rest of the kidney reveals glistening, unremarkable maroon-gray parenchyma with cortical thickness measuring 0.6 to 1.1 cm.. Dissection of the ureter and vessels at the renal hilum reveals patent lumina with no gross evidence of tumor invasion. Representative sections are submitted as follows: A1 -- ureter and blood vessels margins; A2 -- A4 --- mass with adjacent normal kidney and renal pelvis; A5 -- mass with inked Gerota's fascia; A6 -- normal kidney. Slldes were microscopically examined by the pathologist. Eyaluationperforned Pathology Report