
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-2674 SPECIMEN A. Sigmoid colon. B. Right abdominal wall tumor. C. Omentum CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Left colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received fresh, labeled "sigmoid colon", is a previously unopened, 31 cm. segment of distal colon, surfaced by smooth and glistening tan-pink serosa, with a copious amount of attached mesocolon. The undesignated margins measure 3.8 and 10.2 cm. in circumference.. On opening, there is a. circumferential, well-circumscribed, 5 x 4.5 cm., partially necrotic tan-white tumor mass, located 10 cm. form the smaller circumference margin. A portion of the tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement, as requested. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 2 cm., grossly extending through the muscularis to within 0.8 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface.  The remaining mucosa is unremarkable, glistening tan-pink, with regular folds, and the wall averages 0.5 cm. in thickness. Multiple, slightly rubbery tan-white to tan-pink tissues, in keeping with lymph nodes, measuring up to 4.8 cm. in greatest dimension, are recovered from the attached mesocolon. Representative sections are submitted in fourteen blocks, as labeled. Rs-14 BLOck sumMARy: 1 - Undesignated margins (smaller circumference margin inked blue); 2,3 - tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface; 4 - central tumor; 5 - tumor to normal mucosa; 6 - random normal mucosa; 7 - eight whole lymph nodes; 8,9 - six whole lymph nodes per cassette; 10-12 - one representative section from each of three grossly positive nodes (one node represented per cassette); 13,14 - two representative sections from largest, grossly GROSS DESCRIPTION positive lymph node. B.  Received in formalin labeled "right abdominal wall tumor is a 1.5 x 0.7 x 0.5 cm yellow lobular fatty tissue. fragment which shows a 0.2 cm white-tan rubbery nodule on the surface.  The specimen is bisected and entirely submitted in one cassette. AS-1. C. Received in formalin, labeled "omentum" are multiple pieces of fat described below. The specimen is sectioned to show a yellow lobular fatty cut surface grossly consistent with

--- Page 2 ---
omentum. The specimen shows a 1.5 x 0.7 x 0.1 cm. focus of white-tan. rubbery tissue which may be grossly consistent with fibrinous exudate or possible adhesion tissue. The specimen is also further palpated to identify a 2.2 cm. white-pink-tan rubbery nodule. No. other discrete gross lesions are identified. Representative sections. of the specimen are submitted in eight cassettes. Rs-8 MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A-c. Microscopic examination reveals: Histologic type:. Invasive adenocarcinoma, Mucinous. Histologic grade: Poorly differentiated.. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the muscularis propria into the pericolonic fat (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative for tumor.. Distal margin:. Negative for tumor.. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor. Distance of tumor from closest margin: 10 cm. from one of the undesignated mucosal resection margins Vascular invasion:. Lymphatic space invasion present. (Slide A5). Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic adenocarcinoma is present in 7 of 20 lymph nodes (pN2). The largest metastasis measures 4.8 cm. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Present. Distant metastasis (pM): Metastatic tumor is present in the B specimen in the right abdominal wall with an 0.2 cm. nodule within. that. Metastatic tumor is also present in the omentum with a 2.2 cm. nodule within the fat. (pml). Other findings: Diverticulosis. 5x1, 3x2, 3260F. DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, sigmoid, segmental resection:. Invasive mucinous adenocarcinoma, poorly differentiated. Invasive in to pericolonic fat (pT3). Metastatic adenocarcinoma present in 7 of 20 pericolonic lymph nodes (pN2). Extranodal tumor present. The resection margins are negative. Diverticulosis also present.. B. Right abdominal wall tumor, biopsy: Metastatic mucinous adenocarcinoma. C. Omentum,  biopsy: Metastatic mucinous adenocarcinoma.