
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:0A596611-ED33-4CC5-9C27-D2F1C5E0E6AF TCGA-UZ-A9PP-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Patient Name Accession #: Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date. DOB: Sex: Male Received: Soc. Sec. #: Locationt Client: Physician(s): FInal Pathologic Diagnosis. A. Perinephric fat, excision: Fibroadipose tissue, no tumor seen. B. Superior margin, excision: Fibroadipose tissue, no tumor seen. C. Base margin, excision: No tumor seen.. D. Right renal mass, excision: Papillary renal cell carcinoma (chromophil), 3.5cm diameter, Fuhrman nuclear grade 2, excised. ICD-b-3 E. Perinephric fat, excision: No tumor identified. arsynsm,gotpillerey rerral ceSl'CCJonphil) 8Q4O/e Comment: Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment Site;Kwluy NoS C64.9 -Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary (chromophil) type. Qt J 3+30|14 -Grade: 2 -Maximum tumor diameter: 3.5 cm. -Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor does not penetrate the capsule which surrounds the tumor completely; only part of this capsuie is surrounded by fat or renal tissue. -Hilar lymph nodes (number positive/number of nodes): None submitted or found. -Resection margins: Superior margin" and "Base margin" are negative for tumor. -Stage: pTlaNxMx. Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Specimen(s) Receivedd A:Perinephric fat. B:Superior margin (FS). C:Base margin (FS). D:Right renal mass E:Perinephric fat Intraoperative Diagnosis FS1 (B1) "Soft tissue," superior margin, biopsy: Fibroadipose tissue, no tumor. FS2 (C1) *Kidney,* Base margin, biopsy: Renal parenchyma, no tumor.. Clinical History. The patient is a car-old man with a right renal mass, who undergoes resection. Gross Description The specimen is received in five parts, each labeled with the patient's name and medical record number. Parts A-D are received fresh. Part E is received in formalin. Part A, additionally labeled *1 - perinephric fat," consists of fatty tissue measuring 1.9 x 1.5 x 1.0 cm as a pile. The specimen is entirely submitted in cassette A1.. Part B, additionally labeled *2 - superior margin," consists of fibrofatty tissue with no visible soft tissue. measuring 2.5 x 0.8 x 0.5 cm. The entire specimen is frozen for frozen section 1, with the remnant submitted in cassette B1.. Part C, additionally labeled "3 - base margin (FS)," consists of a single segment of normal-appearing kidney measuring 3.0 x 2.0 x 1.0 cm; it corresponds to a puncture of the renal mass capsule (specimen D). The deep margin is inked blue by the surgeon; it is re-inked black and then entirely submitted for frozen sections 2 and 3 and the tissue blocks are subsequently entirely submitted in cassettes C1-C2.. Part D, additionally labeled "right renal mass," consists of a 3.5 x 2.5 x 2.0 cm nodule that is inked on 50% of the surface. There is attached fat, measuring 4.0 x 3.5 x 2.0 cm as a pile. The noduie is incised to reveal a brown-tan, soft mass that appears to be necrotic. Attached to the nodule is a rim of brown tissue measuring 3.5 x 1.5 x 0.7 cm. Representative sections of the nodule and the attached brown tissue are submitted in cassettes D1-D4. The fatty tissue is thoroughly evaluated for candidate lymph nodes and candidate lymph nodes are submitted in cassette D5. Representative sections of the fat are submitted in cassette D6. Part E, additionally labeled "5 - perinephric fat," consists of multiple yellow, glistening, irregular, unoriented adipose tissue fragments measuring 14.0 x 8.0 x 2.5 cm in aggregate. Upon sectioning, the specimen consists of grossly normal-appearing adipose tissue without areas of thickening. Representative sections are submitted in cassettes E1-E3. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slides.. Pathology Resident athologist Electronically signed out on 1/4/14 Page 2 of 2