
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: 166D77A-9C39-4886-9320-8946DA9AA69D zc-o-3 TCGA-A6-A567-01A-PR Redacted Oierscseurome NoS 8j40/3 CJ87 7/ 13 SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT V1 SPECIMEN A. Lower anterior colon - sigmoid. B. Appendix CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS:  Sigmoid colon cancer Post-op DIAgnosis: Rectal cancer - involvement of apical nodes ? Implant lateral mesentery. GROSS DESCRIPTION A.  Received fresh, subsequently fixed in formalin, labeled "sigmoid colon". The specimen consists of a 22 cm. long portion of colon which is stapled at the proximal end, opened at the distal end. The proximal end is inked blue and the distal end is inked black. The specimen is opened to show a pink tan smooth glistening mucosa with normal to abundant folds. The circumference of the proximal end is 4.5 cm. and the circumference at the distal end is 7.5 cm. The specimen shows a 4.8 x 3.5 x 1 cm. tumor which comes within 5 cm. of the distal margin. The serosa of the specimen. is pink tan smooth glistening and predominantly covered with yellow lobular fat. The specimen shows a 2.5 x 1.5 cm. serosal umbilication. This umbilication is inked blue. The tumor also shows gross invasion through the muscularis propria into the fat. Multiple lymph nodes are grossly identified in the surrounding fat..  There is a focus of mesenteric margin (peduncle) which feels somewhat indurated. The proximal lymph node may be present in this area. There is also a 1.5 x 1.5 irregular indurated focus on the surface coming in within 9 cm. of the proximal margin. The cut surface of. this induration site shows possible tumor present. There is also a small polyp grossly identified which is 0.5 cm. this is located 3 cm. from the distal margin. This polyp shows no invasion grossly. identified. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted for tissue procurement. Representative sections of the remainder of the specimen are submitted as follows:. BLOCk sumMARy: 1 - Representative luminal margins; 2 - mesenteric margin shave; 3 - polyp full thickness; 4 - tumor to serosal umbilication; 5 - tumor to normal; 6 - tumor to fat; 7 - radial margin; 8 - indurated surface nodule with possible tumor; 9-12 nine possible lymph nodes each; 13 - four possible lymph node; 14 lymph node at mesenteric peduncle bisected; 15 - renresentative section of possible mottled lymph node..  RS15 B. Received in formalin labeled "appendix" is a 6 x 0.5 cm.  unremarkable appendix partially covered with pink tan smooth glistening serosa and yellow lobular fat.  The specimen is sectioned to show an intact wall with an average thickness of 0.3 cm. The lumen ranges from pinpoint to 0.??.  Representative sections of the specimen are submitted in one cassette with the proximal end inked. RS1 MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Microscopic sections of the sigmoid tumor reveals a.  moderate to poorly differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma. which has extended through the bowel .wall into the mesenteric fat.

--- Page 2 ---
The area of irregular indurated soft tissue at the mesenteric root does not contain any carcinoma. There are three positive mesenteric lymph nodes present. One of these is present at the mesenteric root and represents the most proximal lymph node in the dissection. There is a soft tissue metastasis present in the mesentery as well. The results of the evaluation of the resection are summarized in the following template. Histologic type:  Adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade:  Moderate to poorly differentiated.  Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the colon wall into the mesenteric fat (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative.. Distal margin: Negative.. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative. Vascular invasion:.  Negative. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Three of 41 mesenteric lymph nodes contain metastatic adenocarcinoma (pN1). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Present. Distant metastasis (pm): Tumor is present as a soft tissue metastasis in the colonic mesentery (pml). Other findings: Adenomatous polyp. Appendix without significant histopathologic findings.. DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, sigmoid, segmental resection: Invasive moderate to poorly differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma extending through the wall of the colon into the pericolonic fat. Proximal, distal and radial margins of resection are free of tumor. Three of 41 mesenteric lymph nodes contain metastatic adenocarcinoma (3/41). Soft tissue metastasis present in the soft tissues of the lateral mesentery. Adenomatous polyp. B. Appendix, incidental appendectomy:. No significant histopathologic findings..  End Of Report