
--- Page 1 ---
DIAGNOSIS: 1.Right kidney: Renal cell carcinoma, see synoptic report. 2. Tissue from vena cava: Nodular piece of fibrovascular tissue. No lymph node identified. Kidney: Nephrectomy,partial or radical Synopsis MACROSCOPIC Specimen Type: Right radical nephrectomy Focality: Ur'scel. Tume ce dimeneio8.3 cm. Macroscopic extent of tumor: Tumor limited to kidney MICROSCOPIC Histologic Type: Chromophcbe renal cell carcinoma.

--- Page 2 ---
Histologic Grade: G2: Nuclei slightly irregular, approximately 15 microns; nucleoli evident;. EXTENT OF INVASION Primary Tumor: pT2: Tumor more than 7 cm in greatest dimension, limited to the kidney.. Regional Lymph Nodes: pNX: Cannot be assessed. Lymph Nodes: None submitted. Distant metastasis: pMX: Cannot be assessed. Margins: Margins uninvolved by invasive carcinoma. Venous invasion: Absent. Additional Pathologic Findings: Inflammation (type): chronic. Tumor cells stain for colloidal iron. Clinical: Renal carcinoma - right kidney; Gross: Part 1 is received fresh and additionally labeled with snd"right kidney."The specimen consists of a kidney specimen with perinepnnc iat that measures 19 cm x 17 cm x 10 cm. The ureter is patent. The specimen is inked in black, and breadloafed to reveal an 8.3 cm. mass within the kidnev parenchvma that arosslv ahuts the oerineohric fat The tumor has two distinct areas one area is tan and hemorrhagic, and measures 6.2 cm x 6 cm x 4 cm. The other part of the mass is a nodule that measures 4.3 cm x 4 cm x 2.5 cm. The ureteral margin is in A and the vascular margins are in B. A random section of tumor is in C. The tumor with respect to perinephric fat is in D, the tumor with respect to inked margin is in E. Representative sections of the tumor with respect to fat with resection margin is ink F. Representative sections of the tumor are in G-J. K = representative sections of tumor with fat and inked capsule, L = representative sections of tumor with respect to kidney parenchyma. M = representative sections of kidney parenchyma not effected by the tumor and contains representative sections of lymph nodes from the hilum. O = another representative sections of tumor.. Part 2 is additionally Iheled "venacava! lymph node". It consists of a 0.7 x 0.5 cm tragment of pnestosget! R cntreysedinp.