
--- Page 1 ---
zQD o 3 Operative Procedure: 8360/3 Left laparoscopic radical nephrectomy 8I: OKuduy NS C649 Specimen Received: Left kidney go 1/z[13 Final Pathologic Diagnosis: Kidney, left, radical nephrectomy: Tumor histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma type 1,  multifocal (5 tumors) and clear cell renal cell carcinoma (1 tumor) Sarcomatoid features (%): Not identified Tumor size: 6.7 cm (greatest dimension, largest papillary renal cell carcinoma) Other dimensions: Smaller foci of papillary renal cell carcinoma (4 tumors, ranging from 0.6 to 1.7 cm) Small focus of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (0.8 cm;. slide A11) Macroscopic extent of tumor:. Confined to the kidney Focality:  Multifocal Number of tumors: 6 Fuhrman grade: 2 of 4 UUID:681C28DC-CE0A-400D-BF7E-0836C603C388 tcgA-gL-A59t-01a-pr Redacted Microscopic extent of tumor: Perinephric fat invasion: Not identified Renal sinus invasion: Not identified Other: Not applicable Renal vein involvement: Not identified Adrenal gland present: No Cancer at resection margin: No Pathologic findings in nonneoplastic kidney: Numerous papillary adenomas. Hilar lymph nodes present: None Pathologic stage pT1b pNX pM-not applicable The examination of this case material and the preparation of this report were. Gross Description: The specimen is received in formalin labeled with the patient's name, and labeled "left kidney.' Specimen components and dimensions: The specimen consists of a left kidney received with a moderate amount of attached fat. The specimen has overall dimensions of 23.4 x 8.7 x 5.2 cm. The renal parenchyma has dimensions of 14.2 x 6.4 x 3.8 cm. An adrenal gland is not present. The specimen is received. previously inked and incised. Size, appearance, and location of tumor: The specimen is remarkable for. numerous nodules/masses that range from 0.2 x 0.2 by less than 0.2 cm to 6.7 x

--- Page 2 ---
5.9 x 4.4 cm. The dominate mass resides within the lower pole. The masses are. yellow-orange to red-brown, granular and homogenous to variegated and focally. hemorrhagic. These nodules/masses range from ill defined to well defined and encapsulated. The total number of nodules/masses is approximately 12. Renal capsule/renal sinus: Some of the nodules/masses extend to, but not beyond the capsule. The renal sinus fat does not grossly appear to be invaded. Renal vein: The renal vein is not invaded and is grossly negative at the margin. Lymph nodes (size, number, & location): An exhaustive search of the hilar fat to include the use of palpation and chemical clearing agent reveals no grossly appreciable lymph nodes. Other findings: Additionally, there are a few cysts present that range from. minute to 1.2 cm in greatest dimension. The cysts contain gray-yellow, serous fluid. The cortical surface is red-brown, granular with numerous ill defined,. yellow-orange granular foci, which are grossly similar to the aforementioned nodules/masses. The renal parenchyma is red-brown with an ill defined to well defined corticomedullary border and a cortical thickness that maximizes at approximately 0.5 cm. Additionally, there are a few ill defined, yellow-orange granular foci present, which are grossly similar to the aforementioned nodules/masses. Some of the papillary tips are hemorrhagic. The urothelium is. gray-white, smooth and glistening with some edema.. Blocks submitted: 1  vascular and ureter margins en face;. 2-5  dominant nodule/mass to include renal sinus fat in cassettes 2-3 and capsule and inked external surface in cassettes 4 and 5; 6-9  smaller nodules/masses to include renal sinus fat in cassettes 6-7 and capsule and inked external surface in. cassettes 8 and 9; 10  ill defined, yellow-orange granular foci;. 11 cysts; 12 hemorrhagic papillary tip; 13 normal most renal parenchyma and urothelium. Gross images have been taken of the specimen. Microscopic Description: The final diagnosis of each specimen incorporates the microscopic examination findings. END OF REPORT Taken: DOB: (Age: Gender: M