
--- Page 1 ---
Icd-0-3 UUID:F489FC43-C5D4-42F0-8397-A115A9ACDB89 -A7GX-01Z-PR Coreriono, sanal cll CJromyshobe type 831713 SeL QKiduyNoS Surgical Pathology Report C649 Diagnosis: HI9/24lL3 Kidney, right, laparoscopic radical nephrectomy Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe subtype, eosinophilic variant Sarcomatoid features: not identified Histologic grade (if applicable): 2 (of 4, Fuhrman classification) Tumor size (greatest dimension): 7.2 cm Tumor focality: unifocal Extent of tumor invasion (if present specify if macroscopic or microscopic): Extra-capsular invasion into perirenal adipose tissue: not identified Gerota' s fascia: n/a Renal sinus: not involved Major veins (renal vein or segmental branches, IVC): not involved Ureter: not involved Lymphatics: not involved Surgical margins: Extracapsular soft tissue margin: not involved Renal vein margin: not involved. Ureter margin: not involved Adrenal gland: not received. Lymph nodes: none received. Other significant findings: none. AJCC Stage: pT2a pNx pMx Clinical History: yo male with right renal mass..

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description: Received is one appropriately labeled container, additionally labeled "right kidney." It consists of a radical nephrectomy specimen (17.1 x 7.7 x 6.8 cm) consisting of kidney (14.6 x 7.2 x 4.7 cm, 427 gram). The upper pole has a 7.2 x 7.2 x 7.0 cm well circumscribed soft, pink/tan solid mass with focal hemorrhage and necrosis (20%). The mass expands the capsule, does not go through it, and is 0.4 cm from the perinephric adipose tissue margin (inked blue). The mass is 1.5 cm from the renal sinus The renal vein is free of mass. The uninvolved cortex medulla is well demarcated, red/brown without additional masses. No hilar lymph node candidates are identified. Adrenal gland is absent. Block summary: A1 - ureter, renal vein and artery margins, en face. A2 - renal sinus (perpendicular) A3,A4 - perpendicular of mass closest to the perinephric adipose tissue margin A5-A7 - additional sections of mass A8 - normal kidney from inferior pole Light Microscopy: Light microscopic examination is performed by Dr.. Sections show irregular nests of eosinophilic cells with punched out perinuclear clearing. By H & E alone, the differential diagnosis includes eosinophilic variant of chromophobe carcinoma, as well as granular variant of clear cell carcinoma. To clarify lineage, immunostains and Hale' s colloidal iron stain were performed, and show reactivity for CK7 and Hale' s colloidal iron, with no reactivity for RCc. The immunophenotype supports the above diagnosis.