
--- Page 1 ---
PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: A.KIDNEY,RIGHT,NEPHRECTOMY: RENAL CELL CARCINOMA,CHROMOPHOBE TYPE (2.8 Cm). Tumor is well circumscribed and confined to the renal parenchyma. Ureter, artery, vein margins are not involved (levels examined.) Hale's colloidal iron stain is positive in many tumor cells. AJcC stage (6th edition): T1a NX MX B. ELEVENTH RIB: Normocellular bone marrow with maturing trilineage hematopoiesis. C.HILAR LYMPH NODE: One (l) lymph node with no significant pathologic change.. CLINICAL DATA: History: Not provided. Operation: Right radical nephrectomy.. Operative Findings: None given. Clinical Diagnosis: Right upper pole renal mass. TISSUE SUBMITTED: A/1. Right kidney B/2. Eleventh rib. C/3. Hilar lymph nodes right side.. GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh, in three parts, each labeled with the patient?s name and unit number.. Part A, labeled "#1. Right kidney", consists of a 132 gm, right kidney with scant amount of fat attached to the kidney and no identifiable adrenal. The. kidney (10.5 x 5.5 x 3.4 cm) has an attached artery (1.5 cm in length x 0.3 cm in diameter) and attached vein 0.7 cm in length x 0.5 cm in diameter), and inferior second branch vein (1.2 cm in length x 0.2 cm in diameter), and attached 4.5 cm segment of ureter (0.2 cm in diameter):  The mid portion of the kidney contains a mass in the renal parenchyma, which bulges into the renal. sinus (2.8 x 2.5 x 2.5 cm).  We marked the surface with black ink. Cut surfaces show soft dark tan/brown mottled tumor, which abuts the capsule, protrudes into the hilum and pushed but does not appear to involve the collecting structures in the pelvis. The lumen of renal vein is without obvious tumor thrombus.*  The renal parenchyma around the well-circumscribed tumor is compressed and pale and has the appearance of renal papillae distorted by the mass.  The cortical medullary junctions are well defined.. The cortexes are of the expected thickness, firm and light brown...  The capsule strips with. ease from the surface of the kidney except in the area of the tumor where it is firmly adherent (inked surface). Tumor is taken for cytogenetics and electron microscopy. Normal tissue is taken for electron microscopy and immunofluorescences. Representative sections tumor and normal are submitted to tissue bank. The specimen is photographed. Lymph nodes are not grossly obvious in the fat. Micro Al: Margins of vein artery and ureter, 3 frags,. Micro A2: Tumor with adjacent collecting system, 1 fra. Page: 1 of 3

--- Page 2 ---
Printed: 11/28/2005 10:40 Page: 3 of 3