
--- Page 1 ---
page 1 / 1 Department of Cancer Pathology copy No.. Z Date: Examination: Histopathological examination. Internal invoice No. Value of diagnostic procedure Examination No.: Patient: XXX PESEL: XXX Age: Gender: Material:  Partial organ resection - left half of the colon along with cancer infiltrated first loop of the small intestine Unit in charge:.  Physician in charge: Material collected on: Material received on: Expected time of examination: Clinical diagnosis: left half of the colon along with cancer infiltrated first loop of the small intestine Examination performed on: Macroscopic description: A 25 cm length of the large intestine with periintestinal fat tissue sized 28 x 6.8 x 2.5 cm, and part of the omentum sized 25 x 10 x. 0.5cm. Additionally an 8 cm segment of the small intestine consolidated with the wall of the large intestine at the site of neoplastic. proliferation. Ulcerous tumour sized 7 x 5 cm found in the mucosa. The lesion surrounds 100% of the intestine circumference. narrowing its lumen, is located 6 cm from the proximal incision line, and 12 cm from the distal incision line. The lesion infiltrates. macroscopically through the whole thickness of the large intestine wall, periintestinal fat tissue and the small intestine wall at the site of the consolidation. Neighbouring lymph nodes are macroscopically metastatic. Microscopic description: Adenocarcinoma tubulopapillare (G2). Infiltratio carcinomatosa profunda tunicae muscularis priopriae. et serosae coli et parietis ilei et telae adiposae mesenteril pericolicae. Intestine ends clear of neoplastic lesions.. Metastases carcinomatosae in lymphonodis (NO Iv/xiv). Infdtratio carcinomatosa capsulae lymphonodorum et telae adiposae perinodalis. Emboliae carcinomatosae. Histopathological diagnosis: Adenocarcinoma tubulopapillare coli. Tubulopapillar adenocarcinoma of the colon. Metastases carcinomatosae in lymphonodis. Cancer metastases in the lymph nodes. (No IV/xiv). (G2, Dukes C, Astler - Coller C2, pT4b, pN2). Compliance validated by: CONTACT YOUR DOCTOR WITH THIS REPORT!