
--- Page 1 ---
JUID:E B39F-DE08-45 5D7C3B6CE090 TCGA-RY-A847-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORt Patient Name: Accession #: Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date: DOB: (Age: Sex: Male Received: Soc. Sec. #: Location: Client: Physician(s): Final Pathologic Diagnosis A. Brain, right frontal mass, biopsy: Oligodendroglioma, WHO grade II; see comment. B. Brain, right frontal mass, resection: Oligodendroglioma, WhO grade II; see comment. C. Brain, CUsA contents, resection: Oligodendroglioma, WhO grade II; see comment. Comment: Sections show infiltrating glioma cells with round, regular and monotonous nuclei, with sharply defined nuclear membranes and ample cytoplasm. There is no evidence of increased mitotic activity,. microvascular proliferation or necrosis. These findings are diagnostic of oligodendroglioma, WhO grade HI. Immunohistochemistry for IDH1 will be performed and the results will be reported in an addendum. In addition, fluorescence in-situ hybridization for 1p19q will be performed at the Iaboratory and the results will be reported separately. Intraoperative Diagnosis FS1 (A) Brain, tumor, biopsy: Low-grade glioma, most consistent with oligodendroglioma, WhO grade II. Tissue section and cytologic preparation. Gross Description The specimen is received fresh in three parts, each labeled with the patient's name and medical record number. Part A, additionally labeled "1 - tumor - Fs," consists of a single, irregular, unoriented, red-yellow. gelatinous brain tissue fragment (1.3 x 0.6 x 0.3 cm). Representative sections are submitted for frozen section diagnosis 1 and cytologic preparation. The frozen section remnant is submitted in cassette A1 and the remaining tissue is entirely submitted in cassette A2. LCD-Oe7 OsegodendogFiome,gaade II 945013 )QsI 10/30J3

--- Page 2 ---
Part B, additionally labeled "tumor - perm," consists of two pieces of tissue. The smaller (1.4 x 1.1 x 0.6 cm) is soft, irregularly-shaped, and white. The larger piece (2.6 x 2.1 x 1.1 cm) is irregularly-shaped and has a dark pink-red cortical surface with prominent gyri. The cut surfaces are. firm and comprised predominantly of white matter, with a narrow rim of dark pink-tan gray cortex (0.2 cm). The entire specimen is submitted in cassettes as foilows:. B1: Smaller piece. B2-B3: Larger piece. Part C, additionally labeled "CusA contents perm," consists of numerous, small, irregularly-shaped fragments of soft, white-tan to pink-red tissue (7 x 6 x 2 cm). Representative sections are submitted in cassettes C1-C12. Clinical History Relevant History:Glioma The patient is a -year-old man with a right frontal brain mass, most consistent with a low-grade glioma. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slides. The attending pathologist has reviewed all dictations and preliminary interpretations performed by any resident involved In the case and performed all necessary edits before signing the final report. Pathologist Pathology Resident Signed: Addendum Date Ordered: Status: Signed Out. Date Complete: By: Date Reported: Addendum Diagnosis This addendum is issued to report immunohistochemical findings and does not change the diagnosis for the case.. Addendum Comment Immunohistochemical studies performed and evaluated at our laboratory show that the neoplastic cells are positive with the antibodies against IDH-1 (R132H mutant) protein. The immunohistochemical stain reported above was developed and its performance characteristics determined by the. The stain has not been cleared or approved by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration. The FDA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary. These tests are used for clinical purposes. They should not be regarded as investigational or for research. This laboratory is certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) as quallfied to perform high-complexity clinical testing Pathologist Resident Electronically signed out on riterla l /5/8/e3 TumorSite Disreparcy r Maligr.ancy Histry /Synchronous Pimary Nte ase is {circle UALIFE .DISQLAUFIED te Revieweu: of8/Z613