
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-2675 SPECIMEN Sigmoid colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Sigmoid cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh, subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "sigmoid colon" is a 17 cm. long portion of colon which is opened on both ends. The serosa is pink-tan smooth glistening and the specimen is predominantly covered with abundant yellow lobular fat and pink-tan smooth glistening serosa. The specimen is opened to show pink-tan smooth glistening mucosa with an average. circumference of 4 cm. The specimen shows a 3.2 x 2.5 x 0.5 cm. tumor which shows. ulcerated center and raised borders. The cut surface of this shows gross invasion into the muscularis propria and comes within 7.5 cm.. of the radial margin; however, there 'is an umbilication near the serosa and the fat meet. This is inked and the tumor comes within 0.7 cm. of this area. No other discrete gross lesions are. identified. Lymph nodes are grossly identified in the fat.. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: BLOck summARy: 1 - representative luminal margins; 2 - representative section of tumor to fat and serosa; 3-5 - additional representative sections of tumor to fat; 6 - representative radial. margins; 7 - 4 possible lymph nodes; 8 - 6 possible lymph nodes; 9 6 possible lymph nodes; 10 - 3 possible lymph nodes. Rs-10 MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma.. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated.. Primary tumor (pT) : Tumor invades through the muscularis propria. to

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION the junction of the muscularis propria and serosa (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative.. Distal margin: Negative.. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative. Vascular invasion: Negative.. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Eleven mesenteric lymph nodes are negative for metastatic carcinoma (pN0).. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Absent Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot be assessed (pmx).. 5 DIAGNOSIS Colon, sigmoid, segmental resection:. Invasive moderately differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma extending through the muscularis propria to the junction of the muscularis propria and serosa.. Proximal, distal and radial margins of resection are free of tumor. Eleven mesenteric lymph nodes negative for metastatic carcinoma (0/11).