
--- Page 1 ---
Patient Name Accession #: Med. Rec. #: Date of Procedure. DOB: Date ot Receipt: Gender: Date of Report: Ref. Physician: Account #: Patlent Address: Billing Type Auditional Copy to: Rel. Source: Clinical Diagnosis & History:.  Bilateral renal mass, right cystic mass teft solid mass consistent with neoplasm Specimens Submitted: 1: Kidney. loft: partiat nephrectomy. DIAGNOSIS: 1. Kidney, left; partial nephrectomy: Tumor Type: Renal cell carcinoma - Papillary type Type Il with eosinophilic cytoplasm and focally high grade nuclei Tumor Sizo Greatest dianeter is 3.8 cm.. Local Invasion (for renal cortical types) Not Identified Renal Vein Invasion: Not identified Surgical Margins Free of tumor Non-Neoplastic Kidney. Glomerular and vascular changes morphologically compatible with (PAS stain examined) Adrenal Gland: Not identifiod Lymph Nodes: Not identified Staging for renal cell carcinoma/oncocylona:  pT1 Tumor <= 7.0 cm in greatest dimension limited lo the kidney IATTEST THAT THE ABOVE OIAGNOSIS IS BASED UPON MY PERSONAL EXAMINATION OF THE SLIDESIANDIOR OTHER MATERIAL).ANO THAT I HAVE REVIEWED AND APPROVED THIS REPORT Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Special Studies: Result  Special Stain. Commentd PAS Gross Description:. 1).The specimen is received fresh for Irozen section consultation and is tabeled "telt renal mass, freeze margin". li consists ol a 5.0 x 4.9 x 3.1 cn wedge shaped portion of kidney with a suture marking the deep margin. The margin is inked btack and the. specimen is serially seclioned to roveal a yellow brown granutar tumor measunng 3.8 x 3.0 x 2 7em. with an adjacent thin rim of red-brown renal parenchyma. The clearance from the resection margin is 0.3 cm. A representative section of the nearest margin  is submitted for Irozen section diagnosis. Additional reprosontative sections are submitted for TPS and routino processing. Summary ol sections:. Fsc . frozen seclion control TM - tumor to margin. T-tumor Rs - representative sections Summary of Sections:. Part 1:Kidney, left; partial nephrectony. Block Sect. Site. PCs 1 FSC 1 RS 1 1 1 r 1 2 TM 2 Intraopcrative Consultation: Nole: The diagnoses given in this section pertain only to the tissue sampte examined al the time of the intraoperative consultation Frozen section diagnosis: Left renal mass (is): Renal corlicat neoplasn, margin benign. Permanent diagnosis: Same  Page 2 of 2 END OF REPORT