
--- Page 1 ---
Page 1 of 2 UUID:09055681- FB0F-4960-86A0-5D5EBD08FAED TCGA-G3-AAUZ-01A-PR Redacted CONFIDENTIAL SURGiCAL PATHOLOgy REPORT Time Collected Time Recelved Time Reported Time Transmitted Order Number Ordering Provider Status Final  Relevant Information Location Report Patlent Name:  Demographics (for verification purposes) Date of Birth: Sex: M ID0.3 Cae ntrx, heyatie lDusa N6S si7f3 SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT *****Surgical Pathology Repor Sute : siur C&Q. Accession Number Collected Date/Time QO s/26/rj Received Date/Time Pathologist Specimen Description A. Gallbladder @ B. Segment 4/5 liver @ C. Final margin @ Clinical Information Hx. htc and hep B. Diagnosis A. Gallbladder, Cholecystectomy: Negative for malignancy. B. Liver, Segment 4/5, Resection: Well differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma, 4.4 x 2.7 x 2.3 cm.. 0.1 cm to the blue inked specimen margin. Background liver show portal inflammation and steatosis (2o*).. C. Final Margin, Biopsy: Liver parenchyma, negative for hepatocellular carcinoma. Reported by: Electronically signea oy: Verified: Gross Description Received are specimen containers A to c.  All remisitions and specimen containers are labelled with the patient's name, The cassettes and  identifiers are labelled with the Surgical Number A Specimen is received in formalin. The container is designated "gallbladder'@ The specimen consists of a non-intact gallbladder measuring 6.8 x 2.3 x 1.2 cm. The serosal surface appears smooth and unremarkable. The lumen contains green bile and no calculi, and the cystic duct appears patent.  The mucosa is granular, and the wall averages 0.2 cm in thickness. The cystic duct lymph node is identified and measures 0.6 cm in greatest dimension. Representative sections of the gallbladder are submitted in. Al. The entire lymph node is bisected and submitted in A2. B.  Specimen is received fresh and is submitted in formalin. The container is designated "segment 4/5 liver @ The specimen consists of an 81.3 g partial hepatectomy specimen measuring 6.4 x 6.2 x 5.6. cm. The capsular surface appears smooth and unremarkable.  Roughened surgical resection margin is dyed with blue ink.. The specimen is serially sectioned to reveal a well circumscribed, ovoid mass which has lobular features on cut surface. This mass measures 4.4 x 2.7 x 2.3 cm and grossly comes right. to the capsular surface, but does not grossly appear to invade the surface and to within 0.1 cm of the blue inked surgical resection margin. No other lesions are grossly identified.

--- Page 2 ---
 Page 2 of 2 B1-B3 representative sections of the tumor and grossly closest point of invasion to both capsular  surface and blue inked surgical resection margin. B4 further representative .section of the tumor. B5 representative section of normal liver adjacent'to the liver. C. Specimen is received fresh and submitted in formalin. The container is designated "final margin and consists of a single, soft, dark tan, triangular portion of tissue measuring 1.5 x 1.0 x 0.7 cm. Surgical resection margin is grossly identified which is dyed with blue ink. The specimen is serially sectioned and submitted in toto in one block. Pathologist Comment Case seen in review by Accesslon Number Encounter Number Patient Locatlon 1114 e oancy e is (circle