
--- Page 1 ---
Resident: Pathologi PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: ILEUM AND RIGHT COLONRIGHT COLECTOMY 30.5 Cm) ADENOcARcINOMA, low grade,moderately differentiated 4.0 cm in greatest dimension Tumor is located in the cecum with extension into the wall of the ileum, forms a fungating mass, and has a pushing border Tumor invades through the muscularis propria and into the subserosal adipose tissue. The proximal and di.stal resection margins are negative for tunor. Invasive tumor is 9 cm from proximal resection margin,21.5 cm from distal resection margin. Lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Extramural venous invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified. Peritumoral lymphoid response (including Crohn?s-like infiltrate) is moderate. Residual adenoma is present. Appendix with fibrous obliteration of lunen  negative for tumor. Diverticulosis. Regional lymph nodes positive:total:0:19. AJCc Classification T3 NO MX. CLINICAL DATA: History: Not provided. Operation: Right colectomy. Operative Findings: Not provided. Clinical Diagnosis: Right colon CA. TISSUE SUBMITTED: A.Right colon-ES rm open + return tissue bank. GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh in one part, labeled with the patient's name, and unit number, and "#1. Right colon consists of a single ileocolectomy specimen including ileum (8.0 x 2.5 cm) with a proximal stapled resection margin (3.0 cm,black)colon 22.5x4.8 cm, distal resection margin, inked black, 4.0 cmand appendix (5.5 cmx0.6 cm.The specimen is opened to reveal a tan/pink ulcerating mass with raised edges (4.0 x 4.0 x 2.5 cm which is present in the cecum and appears to abut, if not involve the ileocecal valve, and is present 9.0 cm trom the proximal stapled resection margin and 21.5 cm from the distal stapled resection margin. Sectioning through the lesion demonstrates invasion into and likely through the muscularis propria. The tumor edge is locat.ed 0.4 cm from the appendix which is otherwise grossly unremarkable. The uninvolved ileal mucosa is tan/white and unremarkable. The colonic mucosa is tan/pink and contains multiple diverticula without evidence of perforation. No other lesions are identified in the specimen. Representative sections of tumor and normal colon are submitted for tissue banking. 2frags Micro Al: Proximal and distal resection maro Micro A2:Normal ileum and colon,2 frags, Page:1 of2

--- Page 2 ---
Pathology Report Micro A3-A7:Repre ive sections of tunor to deep surface, inked black,1 frag per cassette, of ileocecal valve, 1 frag, Micro A8: Representative section Micro A9:Appendix3 frags, CASE NUMBER: By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto. Electronically signed on Final Diagnosis by Page:2of2