
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A3-3376 Collected: Accession Received: Acct/ Reg Reported: MWSAWSURGICALPATHOLOGYREPORT RW DIAGNOSIS: Left kidney, radial nephrectomy Renal carcinoma. Tumor Characteristics: 1. Histologic type: Clear cell adenocarcinoma 2 Tumor site: Upper pole. 3. Tumor size: Up to 2.5 cm maximal diameter. 4. Macroscopic extent of tumor: Limited to kidney.. 5. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade: 2/4. 6. Lymphovascular space Invasion: Not Identified.. 7.  Transcapsular Invaslon: No.  Renal veln Invasion: No. 9. Venacava invaslon: Not resected. 1 0, Adrenal gland: Present, negative for tumor.. Surgical Margin Status: 1. Soft tissue margins: Negative for tumor.. 2. Ureteral margin: Negative for tumor. 3. Vascular Margin: Negative for tumor. Lymph Node Status: 1. No lymph nodes Identified. Other Significant Findings:  The background non-neoplastic kidney shows pronounced arteria! and arteriolonephrosclerosis as well as nodular glomerulosclerosis. Muitiple specimens stains will be performed to further evaluate these changes, with an addendum report to follow. 2. pTNM stage: T1NOMX. Staging sheet Electronic Signature: COMMENTS: has reviewed the case and concurs with the diagnosis.. CLINICAL INFORMATION

--- Page 2 ---
CLINICAL HISTORY:S Preoperative Diagnosis: CA left kidney.. Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings:e SPECIMENS: Left kidney. Gross DescriptIOn: The specimen is received in a single container labeled with the patient's name,  st *.. The specimen consists of a kidney with attached. perinephric fat measuring 20.0 x 10.0 x 5.5 crn, weighing 463 gm. There is an attached adrenal gland that measures 3.0 x 1.0 x 1.0 cm. The cut surface. is golden yellow and shows a well demarcated cortex and medulla. There are no lesions identified. The soft tissue margin has been inked. The ureter stump is identified, measuring 6.0 cm in length and 0.3 cm in diameter. The surface is gray to pink-tan. On sectioning the ureter the mucosal surface is. yellow to gray-tan and smooth. There are no lesions seen grossly. The renal artery stump measures 0.7 cm in length and 0.5 cm In diameter, is slightly atherosclerotic but grossly unremarkable. The renal vein stump measures 0.7 cm in length and up to 1.0 cm in diameter and is grossly unremarkable. The kidney is bisected and reveals a circumscribed, golden yelow mass within the upper pole that measures 2.5 x 2.5 x 0.5 cm. The mass is confined. to the capsule with no invaslon into the surrounding perinephric fat. The renal pelvis and calices are gray-tan, smooth, and are uninvolved by the mass. There are multiple small, brown-tan calcull noted within the calices. There are no other leslons identified. The surrounding renal cortex is brown-tan and measures 0.5 cm In greatest dir. displays a well demarcated coriex and renal pyramids. Received with the specimen are two cassettes, one green and one yellow, labeled.  Repressntative sections are submitted in cassettes Jas follows: Sections from mass in blocks 1 through 4; sections from surrounding uninvolved renal cortex in block 5; ureter block 6; renal artery and vein block 7; adrenal block 8..