
--- Page 1 ---
Histopathology Report Biopsy No: Corrected Received Date/Time Final Reporting Information Date/Time : Final Updated Histopathologist : Laboratory Final Specimen Comment (A1FS) 12 x 10 x 3mm (xl) Consultant-In-Charge. Final Submitting Physician Final Histopathology Report. Final Updated ADDENDUM ADDENDUM TO HISTOPATHOLOGY REPORT One immunohistochemical result had been inadvertently omitted from the original report.. The neoplastic cells are negative for pancytokeratin AEr/3 in the presence of a working. external positive control, excluding thymomas,. carcinomas, carcinoids and non-germinomatous germ. cell tumours in conjunction with the B-lymphoid immunophenotype of the neoplasm.. THE DIAGNOSIS REMAINS UNCHANGED. NOTE : Please see below for original report.. Pathologist DIAGNOSIS (A) ANTERIOR MEDIASTINAL / THYMIC MASS: DIFFUSES LARGE B-CELL LYMPHOMA. (B) PARATRACHEAL LYMPH NODE: REACTIVE HYPERPLASIA. FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS (AFs) Mediastinal mass resection: "Round cell". neoplasm; lymphoma not excluded. Please await. araffin workup GROSS DESCRIPTION (A) Received fresh for frozen section and subsequently fixed in formalin as frozen remnant is a specimen labelled with patient's data and designated "mediastinal mass resection". It consists of a bilobed thymic mass measuring 12 Printed from.

--- Page 2 ---
x 9 x 6.5cm straddling the tracheal furrow posterosuperiorly, with posteriorly adherent pericardium measuring 7 x 4.5cm sutured on its left edge, as well as an adherent, stapled wedge of right lung measuring 5 x 2 x 1cm. The specimen has been sectioned parallel to the coronal plane to reveal a solid, "fish-flesh" whitish tumour with a slightly lobulated cut surface measuring 10.5 x 8.5 x 6cm with a focal (approximately 10% of the tumour volume), eccentric area of necrosis. The tumour abuts on the resection margin circumferentially and is situated 2cm from the lung parenchymal resection margin. (AlFs, A2 to A10-fixed sections of tumour, A1l & A12-tumour with pericardial surface inked green, Al3 & A14-tumour with circumferential resection margin inked red, A15 & Al6-tumour, Al7-tumour with lung and parenchymal resection nked yellow}, Al8-tumour with surrounding fat) (B) The specimen is received in formalin, labelled with patient's data, and designated "paratracheal lymph node". It consists of a piece of fibrofatty tissue measuring 1.2 x 0.8 x 0.8cm. (B1; no reserve) MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION (A) TUMOUR CHARACTERISTICS Type : Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Grade : High. Architecture : Vaguely nodular-to-diffuse, patternless sheets with fibrovascular partitioning,. unaccompanied by perivascular spaces. Necrosis : Present focally (especially Blocks A1l, A13, A15 and A16). Cytology : Large lymphoid cells with ample, pale eosinophilic-to-clear cytoplasm and. irregular vesicular nuclei, mostly with a centroblastic nucleolar disposition. Immunophenotype. The lymphomatous cells are diffusely positive for pan-B cell marker cd2o, with intense immunoreactivity the germinal centre-associated transcription modulator bcl-6, but not its associated surface marker cdlo (which highlights mainly circulating granulocytes), accompanied by widespread coexpression of late-to-postgerminal centre-associated transcription factor Mum-l as well as antiapoptosis protein bcl-2, the latter in overt excess over physiological expression by the small numbers of intermingled and interspersed, reactive, small cD3-positive T-lymphocytes (which disclose perivascular accentuation), excluding both precursor lymphoblastic neoplasia in conjunction with the cytoplasmic abundance and presence of a peripheral (rather than precursor. blastic) nuclear chromatin pattern, as well as Burkitt lymphoma in conjunction with a cell proliferation fraction of well below 100% (70-80% on average) by Ki-67 immunolabelling, which also highlights a degree of nuclear pleomorphism that is inappropriate for the latter entity. In this context, variable, patchy coexpression of cp30 is in keeping with a mediastinal/thymic primary, although CD23 coexpression is not forthcoming, with its B-lineage excluding anaplastic lymphoma. In addition, the preferential intensity and extent of bcl-6 over Mum.1 nuclear expression negates classical Hodgkin lymphoma of lymphocyte-depleted morphology. Immunostaining for Cyclin Dl is negative within the lymphomatous. population, highlighting only physiological expression in scattered histiocytic and activated endothelial nuclei, ruling out a transformed mantle cell lymphoma. Despite the nodularity of the infiltrate, cd21 immunostaining is completely negative for any trace of a follicular dendritic meshwork, in the presence of a working external positive control. Proliferation : Mitoses : Easily found.. Tumour edges : Demarcated. Stromal reaction : Compartmentalising sclerosis with a sprinkling of small lymphocytes. EXTENT OF TUMOUR Local invasion : Replaces most of thymus except focally (Block All), and extends into right lung (Block Al7) with adhesion but not penetration of pericardium. Mediastinal lymph nodes (Block A18 and B1) appear uninvolved. (B) Histology shows a lymph node with architectural preservation and Printed from: