
--- Page 1 ---
page 1 / 1 Department of Cancer Pathology original Examination: Histopathological examination Internal invoice No. Cost of diagnostic procedure Examination No.: Patient: XXX PESEL: XXX Age: Gender: Material: 1. Multiple organ resection -- colon Unit in charge: Physician in charge: Material collected Material received on: Expected time of examination:. Clinical diagnosis: right side of the colon along with the transverse, descending and sigmoid colons (two tumours, one stained with blue dye on the right side of the transverse colon, the other one -- tumour of the distal part of the sigmoid colon, polyps? in the splenic flexure) Examination performed on: Macroscopic description: An 82 cm length of the large intestine with periintestinal tissue sized 85 x 9 x 3.5 cm, a 37 cm segment of the small intestine, a 6.5 cm appendix and the omentum sized 30 x 13 x 3 cm . An ulceration sized 2 x 1.9 x 0.3 cm found in the mucosa. The lesion surrounds 20% of the intestine circumference and is located 18.9 cm away from the proximal excision, 6.4 cm from the distal excision line, and 15.8 cm away from the Bauhin's valve. Additionally, tumour sized 2.4 x 2.2 x 0.8 cm surrounding approx. 40% of the circumference located 69.8 cm from the proximal boundary and 8.8 cm from the distal one. The distance between the tumours is 49.3 cm. Microscopic description: Adenocarcinoma tubulopapillare bifocale (G2). Infiltratio carcinomatosa telae adpisae pericolicae. Excision lines clear of neoplastic infiltration. Outside the tumour: Adenoma tubulopapillare cum dysplasia gradus minoris. Lymphonodulitis reactiva (NO V). Histopathological diagnosis Adenocarcinoma tubulopapillare bifocale coli. Tubulopapillar bifocal adenocarcinoma of the colon (G2, Dukes B, Astler - Coller B2, pT3, pNO). Compliance validated by: Examination performed on: Supplementary information Additionally, five reactive lymph nodes found in the collected specimens (pNO). Compliance validated by: CONTACT YOUR DOCTOR WITH THIS REPORT!