
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: D8EFF862-6A23-4033-8144-248751DECB08 TCGA-A7-A331-01A-PR Redacted /c) 0-3 Final Surgical Pathology Report. lw Procedure: 13/8/n Diagnosis A. Sentinel lymph node, left axilla, biopsy: A single lymph node is negative for malignancy B. Breast, left, excisional biopsy: Invasive lobular carcinoma, Nottingham grade 2. Note: The margins are negative for malignancy c. Breast, posterior lateral margin, biopsy: Focal lobular carcinoma in situ, negative for invasive carcinoma Microscopic Description: A. A single lymph node is negative for malignancy. [At the request of some staff oncologists and in keeping with the opinion of some experts in breast pathology, immunohistochemical stains. for keratin were not used on the sentinel iymph node sections in this. case. These stains can be obtained if desired.  Our paraffin blocks are retained for 10 years. (Weaver DL et al. New Engl J Med 364:412, 2011. Schwartz GF et al. Cancer 94(10):2542, 2002)]. Invasive carcinoma: Histologic type: Invasive lobular carcinoma Nottingham grade: Architectural score: 3 Nuclear score: Mitotic score: Mitotic index: 0 mitoses/ 10 HPFs (1 HPF = 1.96 sq. mm) Tumor size: 1.7 cm Specimen margins: Negative for malignancy.. Carcinoma is 1.2 mm from the red (anterior) inked margin in block Bl5. Vessel invasion:  Absent Calcification: Absent Non-tumorous breast: Fat necrosis, compatible with prior biopsy site pTNM stage: T1c NO Prognostic markers: No previous biopsy here.. Markers are available if needed. Antibody...Results...Comment ck5/6 ...Positive E-cadherin ...Positive Lobular carcinoma in situ is present. Antibody...Results...Comment E-cadherin ... Negative Paraffin sections; 10% neutral buffered formalin; Controls stain appropriately.

--- Page 2 ---
[A few of the antibodies used in our laboratory may be classified as analyte specific reagents. These antibodies are monitored and controlled in our laboratory and their performance for in vitro diagnosis is well described in the medical literature. They have not been cleared or approved by the FDA.] Specimen A. Left axillary sentinel node B. Left breast biopsy long anterior short superior C. Posterior lateral margin long anterior short superior Clinical Information. Cancer diagnosed in Gross Description. A. Specimen A. is received unfixed labeled axillary sentinel node and consists of 3 pieces of yellow soft tissue measuring 2.5 x 2 x 1 2.5 x B. The specimen is received unfixed in the Transpec container labeled left breast biopsy and consists of yellow and red piece of soft tissue measuring 8.5 by 6 by approximately 2.5 cm. The external surface the specimen is inked as indicated below. Anterior: Red Posterior:  Orange Lateral:  Blue Medial: Green Superior: Yellow Inferior: Black There is a firm area near one end of the specimen measuring 1.5 by 1.7 cm in greatest dimension. A small portion of the tumor is taken for research purposes. Sections after fixation. Rs-16 Specimen c. is received unfixed labeled posterior lateral margin and consists of a yellow piece of soft tissue measuring 3.4 x 2.5 x 1.5 cm. There is along the short suture on the specimen. The external surface of the specimen is inked as indicated below. Anterior: Red. Posterior: Orange Lateral: Blue Medial: Green Superior: Yellow Inferior: Black Sections after fixation