
--- Page 1 ---
ICD-O-3 UUID:4AA9CDF4-596B-4F79-A94A-ED618A789120 TCGA-2Z-A9JG-01A-PR Redacted ceQl 826Ol3 Site D$3:sney NsS C649 Pathology Report CtO 4/Q8J14 Final Diagnosis. A. LEFT KIDNEY, PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 2, Fuhrman nuclear grade 3 of 4. See Key Pathological Findings. B. DEEP MARGIN, PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY:  Renal parenchyma, negative for carcinoma. I. the attending pathologist, personally reviewed all $lides and / or materials and rendered the final diagnosis. Electronically Signed Out by Key Pathological Findings Tumor type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 2. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman nuclear grade 3 of 4. Pattern of growth: Papillary. Tumor size: 2.8 cm. Invasion through Renal capsule: Not identified.. Invasion of Gerota's Fascia Not applicable. Renal vein invasion:. Not applicable. Surgical margins. Free. Non-neoplastic kidney: Focal mild chronic inflammation. Adrenal gland: Not applicable. Lymph nodes. Not applicable. Pathdlogic stage: pT1aNXMX. Specimen(s) Received A LEFT PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY FS B DEEP MARGIN LEFT PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY FS Clinical History Left renal mass. Preoperative Diagnosis Left renal mass. Intraoperative Consultation. FSA1: LEFT PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY: Papillary carcinoma. Parenchymal margin negative FSB1: DEEP MARGIN LEFT PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY: Benign renal tissue. No evidence of malignancy.. Comment: These frozen section diagnoses/results were communicated to and acknowledged by Dr.

--- Page 2 ---
 have performed the intraoperative consultations and issued the above diagnoses. Gross Description A. Specimen A is received fresh for frozen section, labeled "lefl partial nephrectomy, ink is. margin" and consists of a partial nephrectomy (3 x 3 x 1 cm) with a moderate amount of perinephric adipose tissue attached. The specimen measures in overall dimension,4.5 x 5 x 2 cm. The specimen is oriented according to the surgeon's designation and is inked as follows: Parenchyma resection margin is inked blue and perinephric adipose tissue resection margin is inked green. The specimen is serially sectioned to reveal an irregular to roughly ovoid,partially solid and partially cystic tumor which measures 2.8 x 2.5 x 0.8 cm. The tumor is bulging capsule and extends to within 0.1 cm of the closest parenchymal margin. Representative section of the specimen with tumor in relation to. the closest margin is submitted for frozen section as FSA1. Representative section of the specimen is submitted to the Tissue Procurement Laboratory. The remainder of the partial nephrectomy is submitted entirely in 7 cassettes A2-A8. B.  Specimen B is received fresh tor frozen section, labeled *deep margin left partial nephrectomy.ink is margin and consists of an irregular fragment ot tan-red-brown,rubbery tissue measuring 1.5 x 0.2 x 0.2 cm.The specimen is oriented according to the surgeon's designation and the true margin is re-inked blue. No tissue is submitted to the Tissue Procurement Laboratory. The specimen is submitted entirely for frozen section as FsB1. 13/14