
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:63F5F3D8-6393-4DA7-BB74-7D587199D7FD tcgA-A7-a3Iy-01a-pr  Redacted Final Surgical Pathology Report Procedure: Diagnosis A. Breast, right, excisional biopsy: Invasive mucinous car Nottingham grade 1 Note: The inked margins are negative for malignancy. Carcinoma is focally 0.3 mm from the superior margin. B. Breast, right, new lateral margin, biopsy: Fibrocystic changes. Negative for malignancy. c. Sentinel lymph node, biopsy: A single lymph node is negative for malignancy. 1tD-c-3 Microscopic Description: A. Invasive carcinoma:. c50.9 Histologic type: Mucinous carcinoma Site : bresst, Nus lu) Nottingham grade: 1 Architectural score:. 1 Nuclear score: 1-2 Mitotic score: Mitotic index: 1 mitoses/ 10 HPFs (1 HPF = 1.96 sq. mm) Tumor size: 1.3cm Specimen margins: Negative for malignancy. Carcinoma is focally 0.3 mm from the yellow (superior) inked margin in block Al. Vessel invasion: Absent Calcification: Absent Non-tumorous breast:  Fibrocystic changes including apocrine metaplasia, cyst formation, intraductal epithelial hyperplasia without atypia, columnar metaplasia, benign calcification and intraductal papilloma. TNM stage: T1c Prognostic markers:  See previous biopsy B. sections of the right breast lateral margin specimens show focally florid intraductal epithelial hyperplasia without atypia and other mild fibrocystic changes. The specimen is negative for malignancy. C. A single lymph node is negative for malignancy. [At the request of some staff oncologists and in keeping with the opinion of some experts in breast pathology, immunohistochemical stains for keratin were not used on the sentinel lymph node sections in this case. These stains can be obtained if desired. Our paraffin blocks are retained for 10 years. (Weaver DL et al. New Engl J Med 364:412, 2011. Schwartz GF et al. Cancer 94(10):2542, 2002)l. Specimen A. Right breast tissue long lateral short superior B. Right breast lateral margin. c. Sentinel lymph node Clinical Information Mucinous carcinoma

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description The specimen is received unfixed in a Transpec container labeled right breast tissue long lateral short superior it consists of a yellow piece of soft tissue measuring 6.3 by 4.6 cm. The external surface the specimen is inked as indicated below.. Anterior: Red. Posterior:  Orange Lateral: Blue Medial: Green Superior:  Yellow Inferior: Black There is a palpable mass in the specimen measuring 1.5 cm in diameter the external palpation on cut section the mass 1.3 cm in diameter and has a mucoid appearance. A portion of the tumor is taken for research purposes. Sections after fixation. Rs8. Received unfixed labeled right breast new lateral margin short anterior 2.5 x 1 cm. The external surface the specimen is exhibited below. Anterior: Red. Posterior:  Orange Lateral: Blue Medial: Green Superior: Yellow Inferior: Black Sections after fixation. Rs7. Specimen c. is received in formalin labeled central lymph node and consists of a piece of yellow soft tissue measuring 3 x 2.5 x 0.6 cm. AS-2