
--- Page 1 ---
IcD0-3 renal ceQQ 'asineme, yayulseiy 8Q60|3 Operative Procedure: Right DA Vinci partial nephrectomy Op a/3[J4 Specimen Received: Right renal mass (FS) UUID:B64C5597-E57A-4ED3-9B02-D5A1D3011438 TCGA-GL-A9DD-01A-PR Redacted Final Pathologic Diagnosis:. Kidney, right, Da Vinci laparoscopic partial nephrectomy: Tumor histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 1 Sarcomatoid features (%):. Not identified Tumor size: 2.4 cm (greatest dimension). Other dimensions: 2.3 x 2.3 cm Macroscopic extent of tumor:. Confined to the kidney Focality: Unifocal Number of tumors: 1 Fuhrman grade: 2 0f 4 Microscopic extent of tumor: Perinephric fat invasion: Not identified Renal sinus invasion:  Not applicable Other: Not applicable Renal vein involvement: Not applicable Adrenal gland present: No (If yes) Involved by tumor:  Not applicable (If yes) Direct invasion or metastasis:  Not applicable Cancer at resection margin:. No (If yes) Location(s): Not applicable Pathologic findings in nonneoplastic kidney:  None significant Hilar lymph nodes present: No (lf yes) Number involved/number present:  Not applicable Pathologic stage (2010) pT1a pNx pM-not applicable The examination of this case material and the preparation of this report were performed by the staff pathologist. Intraoperative Consult Diagnosis:. FSA:  Right renal mass: Margin not involved by tumor, gross only F/S TAT: Gross Description: Received without fixative labeled "right renal mass" is a 3.7 x 3.0 x 2.7 cm partial nephrectomy with minimal adherent perinephric fat. Definitive renal sinus is not identified. The parenchymal margin is previously inked black and perinephric fat green. Sectioning reveals a 2.4 x 2.3 x 2.3 cm

--- Page 2 ---
variegated tan-red to orange, heterogeneous, markedly hemorrhagic well delineated mass that abuts the capsule and comes to within 0.2 cm from the parenchymal margin. The uninvolved parenchyma is tan and homogeneous. A gross photograph is taken. Representative sections are submitted as follows: 1-2  mass to inked parenchymal margin; 3-4  mass to capsule; 5uninvolved parenchyma. Microscopic Description: The final diagnosis of each specimen incorporates the microscopic examination findings. END OF REPORT Surgical Pathology Report Taken DOB: Gender: M h 12117/1s