
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-2686 SPECIMEN Right colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Right colon CA CLINICAL HISTORY: with above - + on bx GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh in a container labeled "right colon" is a previously opened portion of bowel, with a tan-pink smooth. glistening serosal surface, and with adherent yellow adipose tissue. There is an appendix present 4.5 cm long x 0.6 cm. in diameter. The appendix is grossly unremarkable, with a tan serosa, tan wall and tan mucosa, without focal lesion. The bowel consists of 5 cm. of distal small bowel and 15 cm. of contiguous proximal colon. There is a circumferential 6 x 4.5 x 1.2 cm. tumor mass in the ileocecal valve/cecal region. It grossly extends through the full thickness of the bowel wall and into surrounding adipose tissue. There is possible serosal umbilication, with this area inked blue, with this area difficult to assess due to the prior opening. The tumor is not near the radial margin. The mucosa away from the mass lesion is tan-pink and glistening with a normal pattern of folds. The colonic portion of the specimen averages 8 cm. in circumference, and the small bowel segment averages 4.2 cm. in circumference..  The small bowel is without focal lesion. The adipose tissue is dissected, and multiple soft tan lymph nodes are identified. Rs-13, following fixation, according to the accompanying block summary.. BLOcK suMMARy: 1 - proximal and distal resection margins; 2-5 tumor, including relationship to uninvolved bowel and to serosal surface; 6 - appendix, 7 - largest lymph node, bisected, 8-13 lymph nodes, with multiple lymph nodes per block.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION The following template summarizes the findings in this case: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Poorly differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): pT3. Carcinoma invades through the full thickness of the bowel wall and into surrounding adipose tissue. Proximal margin: Negative. Distal margin: Negative Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative Distance of tumor from closest margin: See gross description. Vascular invasion: Not definitively identified. Regional 1ymph nodes (pN): pN0.  Thirty-three lymph nodes are. identified, and they are negative for malignancy.. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:  Not identified Distant metastasis (pM): pMX Other findings: The appendix is without specific diagnostic abnormalities. DIAGNOSIS Terminal ileum, appendix, and right colon, excision. - Poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, invading through the full thickness of the bowel wall and into surrounding adipose tissue (see microscopic description). Margins negative for malignancy..  Thirty-three lymph nodes negative for malignancy.. - Appendix without specific diagnostic abnormalities..