
--- Page 1 ---
LCD-0:3 UUID: B3ABA98A-0D0D-493C-9F20- E8B7E3A935EB TCGA-2Z-A93M-01A-PR Redacted Wrcinsm@, yelpillosy renal ceQQ 8q60/3~ Site. OKiiny NoS Cb49 Pathology Report O 47281y Final Diagnosis A. LEFT KIONEY: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 1, Fuhrman nuclear grade 2, two separate foci,contined to kidney measuring 0.7 cm and 2.5 x 2 x 1.7 cm. (See Key Pathological Findings and See Comment). Resection margins (ureteral, vascular and peripheral soft tissue), free of tumor. Multiple papillary adenomas (17). Acquired cystic disease of kidney. Pathologic stage (for both foci): pT1a NX MX. the attending pathologist, personally reviewed all. Signed out by Comment Immunohistochemical stains performed on the larger renal cell carcinoma, shows the tumor cells to be positive for vimentin, cytokeratin 7, AMACR, and focally positive for CD10. The immunoprofile supports the above diagnosis.lmmunohistochemical stains performed on papillary adenomas show positive staining for cytokeratin 7,AMACR, and focal positivity for CD10. Immunohistochemical stains performed on one of the cystic lesions shows lining epithelial celis to be focally and weakly positive for CK7 and negative for CD31. Key Pathological Findings Tumor type:  Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 1, two separate foci. Nuclear grade: 2 Pattern of growth:  Papillary Tumor size: 2.5 x 2 x 1.7 cm and 0.7 cm Renal capsule invasion: Not identified Invasion of perinephric adipose tissue: Not identified. Renal vein invasion: Not identified Surgical margins: Free of tumor Ureteral and vascular margins: Free of tumor Lymphovascular invasion: Not identified Non-neoplastic kidney. Acquired cystic disease of kidney and changes consistent with. patient's history of end-stage renal disease Adrenal gland: Not identified Lymph nodes: Not identified Pathologic stage: pT1a NX MX Specimen(s) Received

--- Page 2 ---
A LEFT KIDNEY Clinical History Endstage renal polyarteritis nodosa with living related donor right renal transplant in Preoperative Diagnosis Left kidney mass. Gross Description A. The specimen received fresh labeled *teft kidney". The specimen consists of an 82 gram, 5 x 3.5 x 2.8 cm kidney which is surrounded by perinephric adipose tissue ranging from 0.1 to 0.8 cm in thickness. Prior to sectioning the perinephric adipose tissue resection margin is inked black. There is a. 2-cm length of ureter attached to the kidney which is grossty unremarkabie. The specimen is seriay sectioned to reveal an irregular to roughly soft-to-rubbery intraparenchymal tumor which measures 2.5 x 2 x 1.7 cm. The tumor involves the cortex and medulla of the superior lateral aspect of the kidney.. The tumor bulges but does not appear to extend through the renal capsule and is within 0.3 cm of the closest perinephric adipose tissue resection margin. The cut surface of the tumor is pale-yellow to pink, lobulated, without evidence of necrosis or hemorrnage. Neither calices nor renal pelvis are involved by the tumor. The renal artery and vein and their branches do not appear to be involved by the tumor. At least 17 satellite intraparenchymal and subcapsular tumor noduies are identified ranging from 0.1 to 0.7 cm in greatest dimension. There are also several subcapsular and intraparenchymal. cysts which range from 0.3 to 0.6 cm in greatest dimension. The cysts are filled with transparent fluid. The remaining renal parenchyma is tan-red-brown.The atrophic cotex ranges from 0.2 to 0.5 cm in thickness.Urothelium of the calices,renal pelvis, and the portion of ureter, is tan,smooth and glistening..No lymph nodes are found within hilar adipose tissue. No adrenal gland is identified within superior pole of the specimen. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted to the Tissue Procurement Laboratory. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted in 16 cassettes as follows: A1: Resection margin of the renal artery A2: Cross sections of the proximal portion of ureter A3: Renal pelvis A4-A8: Representative sections of the tumor overlying renal capsule and adjacent perinephric adipose tissue A9-A16:Additional sections of the renal parenchyma with multiple satellite tumor nodules and subcapsular and intraparenchymal cysts. A17:  Resection margins of ureter and renal vein Representative sections of the specimen are submitted to the Tissue Procurement Laboratory. HIPA ISQUALIFIED