
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: 821ED144-DF12-4E49-ADC7-27FA5E422883 TCGA-UU-A93S-01A-PR Redacted SUrGICAL PAtHOLOgy REPORt Patient:  Accession: DOB: Sex: F Account:  Date Collected: Date Received: MRN: Patient Date Reported: Requested by:  Copy to: Clinical Data: Right breast mass final pathologic Diagnosis 1. Pectoralis muscle: Invasive poorly differentiated carcinoma consistent with a breast primary. See synoptic report.. Cautery artifact noted. 2. Right breast, mastectomy (2,374 grams):  Invasive poorly differentiated carcinoma consistent with a breast primary. See synoptic report. NCS SynOPTIC REPORT Procedure: Mastectomy Carsunoma iryiItatirg cuct ssej3 Lymph node sampling: Not performed Sste  J@uaetNDs Cso.9 Specimen laterality: Right Invasive carcinoma invoives all quadrants Tumor site: Histologic type of invasive Invasive ductal carcinoma carcinoma: Tumor size: 19 cm Histologic gra de (Nottingham Histologic Score): . Glandular/tubular differentiation: Score 3 . Nuclear pleomorphism: Score 3 - Mitotic rate: Greater than 8 mitoses/mm?, score 3 - Total overall grade: 9, grade III (G3) Tumor focality: Single focus of invasive carcinoma Ductal carcinoma in-situ: Not identified Skin/nipple: There is ulceration of the skin by tumor. There is dermal lymphatic invasion.. Skeletal muscle: Carcinoma invades the skeletal muscle. Margins: Invasive carcinoma is identified at the deep margin including involvement of the. skeletal muscle.  Invasive ductal carcinoma is identified within 0.2 cm of the superior skin/soft tissue. margin. Lymphovascular invasion: Identified including dermal lymphatic invasion Calcifications: Present in invasive carcinoma Page i ot 2

--- Page 2 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORT - COnTINUED Patient: Result ID: Accession: Ancillary studies: ER, PR and HER-2/neu studies have been ordered on block E and will be reported. separately Pathologic Tumor Stage:. pT4d NX Pathologist, Electronic Signature. SPECIMEN(S) SUBMITTED: GROSS DESCRIPTION 1. Pectoralis muscle: Received fresh for frozen section diagnosis is a single segment of skeletal muscle with attached fibroadipose tissue and soft tissue measuring 6.5 x 4.0 x 1.5 cm. The specimen is unoriented. One surface is inked black. and the opposite surface is inked orange. The specimen is serially sectioned and entirely submitted for frozen section  diagnosis in three cassettes. The frozen section remnant is submitted in cassettes A - C. 2. Right breast: in formalin labeled with the patient's name and medical record number is a 2374-gram, 26 x 18 x 11 cm right simple mastectomy surfaced by brown skin. The specimen is oriented with a short stitch designated as superior and a long stitch as lateral. The skin surface displays a 19 x 15.5 cm nodular gray-yellow mass involving the entire nipple areolar complex. The nipple is not definitively identified.. The mass comes to within 1.5 cm of the inferior skin margin, 2.5. cm of the superior skin margin, 1.8 cm of the lateral skin tip, and 8 cm of the medial skin tip. The superior skin margin is inked blue, the inferior skin margin is inked green, and the deep margin is inked black. Upon sectioning the mass involves all four quadrants and approaches 1 the deep margin. Red-brown muscle is identified at the deep margin, which also appears to be involved by tumor grossly. The cut surface of the mass is pink-gray to tan-yellow, firm, and glistening. The mass occupies approximately 80% of the breast parenchyma. The remaining cut surface displays yellow adipose tissue intermixed with dense tan-white fibroglandular tissue. Representative sections are submitted in nine cassettes as follows: A - B - superior skin margin, C -  - the inferior margin, E. - mass to include the deep margin, G - the deep margin to include muscle, H - I - the mmass to inciude skin invoivement. The specimen is placed in formalin at. giving a total formalin fixation time of approximately 8.5 hours.. INTRAOPERATIVE REPORT: Frozen Section Diagnosis: Carcinoma present, involving skeletal muscle CPT CODE(S): ICD-9 CODE(S): Facility: 88331, 88307, 88305 [1749] /2/13 EnD Of REpORt Prior Ma DISQUALIFIED