
--- Page 1 ---
Patient Name Accession #: Med. Rec. #: Date of Procedure DOB: Date of Receipt Gender Date of Repon Ref. Physician: Account # Patient Address' Billing Type. Additional Copy to: Ret. Source. Clinical Diagnosis & History: Right renal mass. Specimens Submitted: 1: SP: Kldney, right: partial nephrectomy DIAGNOSIS: SP: Kldney, right; partial nephrectom. Tumor Type Renal cell carcinoma - Papillary type (typo II) Tumor Size: Greatest diameter is 1.1 cm. Local Invasion (for renal cortical types):. Not Identified Renal Vein Invasion: Not identified Surgical Margins: Free of lumor Non-Neoplastic Kidney:  Unremarkable Adrenal Gland: Not identilied Lymph Nodes: Not idantified Staging for renal cell carcinoma/oncocytoma. pT1 Tumor <= 7.0 cm in greatest dimension timiteu to the kidney. REVIEWED AND APPROVED THIS REPORT SAOORMATRA AND  Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Doscription: 1). The specimen is received fresh for frozen segtion consultation, labeled "right renal tumor stitch marks deep surgical margin", and consists of a wedgo shaped portion of kidney with a suture marking the deep margin, neasuring 2.5 x 1.7 x 1.2 cm. The margin is inked black and the specimen is serially sectioned to reveal a sub-capsular yellow nodule measuring 1.1 x 1.0 x 0.5 cm. The clearance from the resection margin is 0.5 cm. A representative section of the nearest margin is submitted for frozen section diagnosis. Representatively submitted. Portions of the tumor are submitted for TPs. Part is submilted for frozen section. Summary of sections: F$C -- frozen section control T -entire tumor to margin UJ-- uninvolved kidney Summary of Sections: Part 1: SP: Kldney, right; partial nephrectomy Blocke Soct. Site. PCs fsc 2 ! 2 +** Intraoperative Consultation: Note:  The diagnoses given in this section pertain only to the tissue sample examined al the time of the intraoperative consultation. AGNOsiS:SP:Right renal tumo Ronal cortical neoplasm. Margin is free ol tunor. PERMANENT DIAGNOSIS: SAME F" Page ? of 2. END OF REPORT