
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:A1339B9A-538B-4864-9839-C8ED0F7888A2 TCGA-UZ-A9PV-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Patient Name Accession #: Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date DOB: Sex: Male Received: Soc. Sec. #: Location: Client: Physician(s):1 Final Pathologic Diagnosis A. Left kidney, partial nephrectomy:. 1. Papillary renal cell carcinoma, 6.2 cm, Fuhrman grade 2, negative margins. 2. Arteriosclerosis. 3. Simple renal cyst. B. Left kidney, medial margin, partial nephrectomy: No tumor. ICDo 3 Comment: Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment 'ersgnon, yaeillare - Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary,type 1 ri naQ ceLl 8q6t|3 - Grade: Fuhrman grading for RCC: 2. - Tumor size: 6.2 cm. Siti DBedney N6S C649 - Site within kldney: Lower pole. - Intrarena! veins and Iymphatics: No tumor. - Adrenal gland: Not present. - Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor does not penetrate the capsule. - Lymph node status: None present. - Resectlon margins: - Soft tissue: Negative; tumor is 0.05 cm from the margin (slide A7). - Renal parenchyma: Negative; tumor is <0.1 cm from margin (slide A8) - AJcc Stage: pT1NXMX. reviewed slide A7 and concurs with the diagnosis. was informed of the diagnosis on Specimen(s) Received A:Left partial kidney B:Medial margin left kidney - true margin inked Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Clinica! History The patient is a. year-old male with a 5.2 minimally enhancing left lower renal mass suspicious for papillary renal cell carcinoma. The patient undergoes. a partial nephrectomy, including the mass suspicious tor renar cell carcinoma and an adjacent fluid-filled cyst. Gross Description The specimen is received in two parts, each labeled with the patient's name and medical record number. Part A is received fresh, labeled "partial left nephrectomy," and consists of a 185 gm, 9.3 x 7.1 x 5.2. cm, yellow to brown partial nephrectomy specimen. On cross-section, the specimen demonstrates a 6.2 cm, round, capsulated, yellow to red, soft mass consistent with renal cell carcinoma and an adjacent 4.5 cm clear fluid containing cyst with a smooth cystic lining. Additionally, the scant normal-appearing tan to brown kidney tissue contains smaller simple cysts. The entire external surface was inked black for. microscopic evaluation. Representative sections are submitted as follows: Cassette A1: Tumor with simple cyst wall and black ink.. Cassette A2: Tumor with kidney tissue and black ink.. Cassette A3: Tumor with black ink.. Cassette A4: Tumor with black ink.. Cassette A5: Tumor with kidney and perinephric fat with ink.. Cassette A6: Tumor with ink.. Cassette A7: Tumor with kidney and simple cyst, and renal parenchyma (surgical margin of kidney) with ink.. Cassette A8: Tumor with thin capsule.. Cassette A9: Tumor with ink. Cassette A10: Tumor with ink.. Part B, received in formalin and labeled "medial margin left kidney true margin inked," consists of a 2.5. x 0.5 x 0.5 cm triangular piece of brown tissue with no lesions grossly. The specimen is serially sectioned and entirely submitted in cassette B1, which is inked blue on the true margin and serially sectioned and entirely submitted in cassette B1.. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slides.. Pathology Resident athologist Electronically signed out o lw 19 g4 9013 Page 2 of 2