
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN A. Apical lymph node B. Extended right hemi-colectomy. CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Colon cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received in formalin labeled "apical lymph node" is an 0.6 cm. in greatest dimension soft tan lymph node. It is bisected. AS-1. B. Received fresh in a container labeled "extended right hemi-colectomy" is a previously unopened portion of bowel, consisting of 8 cm. of distal ileum with 25 cm. of contiguous right colon. The serosal surface is smooth to slightly scabrous tan- pink, with a moderate amount of attached omentum and mesenteric adipose tissue. There is an appendix present, 6.4 cm. long, and averaging 0.8 cm. in diameter. The appendix has a tan serosa, tan wall and mucosa, and is without focal lesion, and without gross evidence of inflammation. The bowel measures 3.6 cm. and 5.2 cm. in circumference at the proximal and distal resection margins respectively. The bowel is opened. There is a 4.5 x 4.2 cm. circumscribed rubbery tan-pink-red tumor 11 cm. from the distal margin. On cut surface, it is maximally 1 cm. thick and extends through the muscularis propria and into the surrounding adipose tissue. It is approximately 1.5 cm. from the outer surface of the specimen.  Per the clinical request, tumor and normal mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement. The remainder of the mucosa is unremarkable and tan, with a normal pattern of folds, including in the ileum and the remainder of the colon. The wall of the ileum averages 0.4 cm. thick, and of the colon 0.5 cm. thick. The adipose tissue is dissected, and multiple soft tan lymph nodes measuring up to 0.9 cm. in greatest dimension are identified. RS-15, according to the accompanying block summary, following fixation. BLOcK suMMARy: B1 - proximal and distal resection margins; B2-B6 - tumor, with B2 & B3 together forming a composite full thickness section to outer surface of the specimen, with point of continuity between blocks inked orange; B7 - Icv; B8 - random colon; B9 - appendix; B10-B15 - lymph nodes, with multiple lymph nodes per block, except block B15 which contains one bisected lymph node.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION The following template summarizes the findings in this case: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma, comprising the mass lesion in the colon in part B. Histologic grade: Moderately to focally poorly differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): pT3.  Carcinoma invades through the full thickness of the bowel wall and into the surrounding soft tissue. Proximal margin: Negative Distal margin: Negative Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative Distance of tumor from closest margin: See gross description Vascular invasion: Not definitively identified Regional lymph nodes (pN): pNl. There is one lymph node with metastatic carcinoma, with this lymph node identified in block B5,. a section of the main tumor, with this lymph node in surrounding adipose tissue, with much of this lymph node replaced by tumor All other lymph nodes are negative for tumor. Overall, in part B there is metastatic carcinoma in one of forty-two (1/42) lymph nodes. The separately submitted apical lymph node in part A is negative for tumor. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified Distant metastasis (pM): pMX Other findings:  The appendix is without specific diagnostic abnormalities. 3,5 DIAGNOSIS A. Lymph node, apical, excision  Negative for malignancy. B. Terminal ileum, appendix, and extended right colon, excision.  Moderately to focally poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma of the colon, invading through the full thickness of the muscularis propria and into surrounding soft tissue (see microscopic description).  Metastatic adenocarcinoma in one of forty-two (1/42) lymph nodes. Margins negative for malignancy. Appendix without specific diagnostic abnormalities. - End Of Report --