
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:D2679879-7287-4515-9496-B1FCE87C8571 TCGA-A6-A566-01A-PR Redacted jcs-o-3 adnocaicinonk Mucnous NO5 848o/3 SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Sitx : cdon, diuscerdiy c18.b SPECIMEN A. Apical lymph node 1/4/3 B. Left hemicolectomy, left nephrectomy, distal pancreas, spleen, proximal jejunum c. Appendix CLINICAL NOTES CLInIcAL HIsToRy: Carcinoma descending colon invading hilum left kidney, distal pancreas, segment of jejunum. GROSS DESCRIPTION A. The specimen is Received in formalin, labeled "apical lymph node" and consists of a piece of tan and yellow tissue measuring 1.2 x 1 x 0.4 cm. bisected As-1 after fixation. AS-1. B. The specimen is received unfixed labeled "left hemicolectomy, left nephrectomy,  distal pancreas, spleen, proximal jejunum" and consists of a complex specimen comprising kidney measuring 11 x 7.5 x 5.3 cm., spleen measuring 14 x 7 x 5 cm. stapled margin. There is some omentum on the specimen and there is a small amount of pericolonic fat. There are no palpable nodes in the pericolonic fat. There is an adherent segment of bowel centrally that might represent small bowel that measures 8 cm. in length and 4 cm. from diameter. The small segment of bowel that looks like it might be adherent to small bowel has fungating tumor centrally. The measures 6.5 cm. in diameter by external palpation of his roughly spherical. A portion of tumor and normal colon are taken for research purposes.  Sections through the tumor taken after fixation show carcinoma invading the lower pole of the kidney and a portion of pancreas measuring 7 x 3 x 2 cm. BLOck suMMARy: #B1, 2 - Colonic and small bowel margins of resection; B3 - 7 - colonic tumor; B8, 9 - pancreas; B10, 11 - spleen; B12 - 15 - kidney and ureter; B16 - 18 - pericolonic lymph nodes. C. The specimen is Received in formalin, labeled "appendix" and consists of a tan vermiform appendix measuring 4.7 cm. in length and 0.5 cm. in diameter.  The appendix measures 5 x 1.2 x 0.7 cm. . AS-2 The tip of the appendix and the. proximal end are in block #l. Sections after fixation.. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A. A single lymph node is negative for malignancy. B. Tumor type: Colonic adenocarcinoma with areas of mucinous differentiation Tumor grade: 2 out of 3 Tumor size: 7 cm. Distance to nearest margin: 14 cm.

--- Page 2 ---
Level of penetration: Carcinoma penetrates through the muscularis propria of the colon into adjacent pancreas and kidney. Margins of resection:  Negative for malignancy Vascular invasion:  There are areas suspicious for lymphatic invasion in pericolonic soft tissue. Host response:  Mild chronic inflammation Attached lymph nodes:  Metastatic carcinoma is present in two of thirteen lymph nodes. The largest metastasis is 0.7 cm. in dimension. pTNM Stage: T4 N1 Other findings: Sections of pancreas, spleen and kidney are otherwise unremarkable. The spleen is not involved by the tumor. C. Sections of appendix are unremarkable. DIAGNOSIS A. Apical lymph node, biopsy: A single lymph node is negative for malignancy. B. Left colon, left kidney, distal pancreas, spleen, proximal. jejunum, resection: Moderately differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma.. Note:  Carcinoma invades into the adjacent jejunum, kidney and pancreas. Metastatic carcinoma is present in two of thirteen pericolonic lymph nodes. C. Vermiform appendix, resection: No pathological diagnosis. - End Of Report