
--- Page 1 ---
Date Coll: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN Left hemicolectomy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS:  Descending colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "left hemicolectomy" is a 28 cm. long portion of colon. The specimen is open at both ends, arbitrarily inked blue and black.  There is pink-tan smooth glistening serosa.  The peritoneal reflections cannot be grossly identified.  The specimen shows an umbilication midway through the specimen. This area of umbilication is inked Orange. The specimen is opened to show a pink-tan smooth,. glistening mucosa with normal to abundant folds with an average circumference of 5 cm.  Located near the umbilication is a 4.8 x 4.0 cm. circumferential ulcerated lesion. The cut surface of this lesion shows invasion into the muscularis propria, coming within 7.5 cm. of the radial margin, contiguous with the umbilication previously described.  The cut surface shows multiple diverticula present.  No discrete gross evidence of submucosal abscess or perforation identified. There is a firm nodule in the fatty tissue on cut surface it is grossly consistent with a diverticula containing firm formed fecal material. No other discrete gross lesions identified. Multiple lymph nodes are grossly identified. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: BLOCK SUMMARY: 1 - Representative luminal margins; 2. representative section of diverticula with firm fecal material; 3 tumor to umbilication; tumor to normal; tumor t to fat; representative section of radial margin; 7 - possible mottled lymph node subjacent to tumor; 8 - 3 possible lymph nodes; 9 - 8 possible lymph nodes; 10 - 9 9 possible lymph nodes; 11 - 10 possible lymph. nodes; 12-14 - 9 possible lymph nodes; 12-15 - 9 possible lymph nodes; 16  - 6 possible lymph nodes; 17 - 6 possible lymph nod 18 3 possible lymph nodes. AS-18. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade:  Moderately-differentiated Primary tumor (pT3): Carcinoma into and through muscularis propria, into the subserosal fat. Proximal/distal/radial margins: Negative. Vascular invasion: Not identified. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic carcinoma in 1 of 65 lymph nodes (1/65). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: One focus, in area of main tumor mass (possibly a lymph node replaced by carcinoma). Other findings: diverticuli, multiple. 5

--- Page 2 ---
DIAGNOSIS Adenocarcinoma, moderately-differentiated, with invasion through the muscularis propria into the subserosa.. Negative margins of excision.. Metastatic carcinoma in one of sixty-five lymph nodes (1/65). One focus of pericolonic tumor (possible lymph node), adjacent to main tumor mass.. End Of Report