
--- Page 1 ---
Page 1 of 2 ( UUID: 275E9EDA-413F-40BE-943C-9521F8CC297A TCGA-G3-AAV3-01A-PR Redacted CONFIDENTIAL SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Time Collected Time Received Time Reported Time Transmitted Order Number Ordering Provider Status Final Relevant Information Locatlon Copied To Tarseruir c hupeatoexClussrN5 817|3 Report Patient Name: Site.: iliur Ca3. Demographics (for verification purposes) Date of Birth: Q/>s/zc>/y Sex: F SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT **Surgical Pathology Repo Accession Number Collected Date/Time Received Date/Time Pathologist Specimen Description A.  Liver segment 3 at Clinical Information Solid mass in the left lobe of the liver Infectious patient: Yes: Hep C +ve Immunocompromised: No History of neoplasm: No Diagnosis Liver, Segment 3, Local Excision: Hepatocellular carcinoma, moderately differentiated (grade II) Positive for focal venous invasion Resection margins clear Background changes of cirrhosis (see comments in micro) Reported by: Electronically signed by: Verified: Synoptic Report Specimen: Liver PROCEDURE: Partial hepatectomy *Minor hepatectomy (less than 3 segments) TUMOR SIZE: Greatest dimension: 8.5 cm *Additional dimensions: 7.0 x 6.0 cm TUMOR FOCALITY: Solitary (specify location) : subcapsular HISTOLOGIC TYPE: Hepatocellular carcinoma HISTOLOGIC GRADE: GII: Moderately differentiated TUMOR ExTENSION (select all that apply): Tumor confined to liver PRIMARY TUMOR (pT): pT2:  Solitary tumor with vascular invasion or multiple tumors none more than 5 cm REGIONAL LYMPH NODES (pN): Cannot be assessed

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 DISTANT METASTASIS (pM) : pMX: Cannot be assessed MARGINS: Parenchymal margin uninvolved by invasive carcinoma. Distance of invasive carcinoma from closest margin:. 0.6 mm *VENOUS (LARGE VESSEL) INVASION (V): *Absent *ADDITIONAL PATHOLOGIC FINDINGS: *Cirrhosis/fibrosis Gross Description Received is a single specimen contain. The remuisition and specimen container are. labelled with the patient's name. The cassette and identifiers are labelled with the Surgical Number The specimen is received fresh and is subsequently placed into formalin.  The container is designated "Liver segment 3". This consists of a segmental resection of liver tissue, weighing 201 g and measuring 9.5 cm across the surgical resection margin x 7.5 cm perpendicular to the resection margin x 6.0 cm. The shape of the specimen appears to be a protuberant nodule beneath the capsule of the liver. The capsule appears grossly intact. The resection margin is painted blue. Much of the sample is occupied by a well rounded, multinodular tumor that shows areas of hemorrhage and possible necrosis. Some of the smaller lobulated nodules are also discolored green. The tumor measures 8.5 x 7.0 x 6.0 cm. This mass extends close to the capsule with areas of sclerosis on the capsular surface. Between the tumor mass and the resection margin is a zone of parenchyma with a nodular, cirrhotic appearance. The tumor lies 0.6 cm from the margin at its nearest point. There is no gross evidence of vascular invasion. Towards one side there appears to be attached adipose tissue on the capsular surface overlying the tumor. Sections are taken as follows: A1 to 4. tumor with nearest resection margin AS to 8. tumor with capsular surface A9/10. additional sections of tumor Al1/12. liver parenchyma away from tumor mass Microscopic Description Sections show hepatocellular carcinoma with the typical nodular and trabecular growth pattern with broad trabeculae, mild to moderate nuclear pleomorphism, and scattered mitotic activity.  The morphology is compatible with grade II hepatocellular carcinoma. There is one focus with venous invasion at the edge of the tumor nodule, but no distant venous invasion can be seen.  The resection margins are clear by 6 mm on the histology evaluation. The liver capsule shows fibrous thickening overlying the tumor. but there is no clear evidence of extracapsular extension and the adherent adipose tissue is not involved. The adjacent liver shows well developed cirrhosis. There are well preserved portal tracts, but architecture between portal tracts and central venules is disturbed with multiple small nodules. There is a chronic inflammatory infiltrate in the portal tracts and fibrous septae focally aggregating into nodules, but also focally showing spill over and obscuring of the liver cell plates, consistent with mild and focal interface hepatitis.  This is mostly made up of small lymphocytes, but plasma cells can be easily found. There is minimal fatty change in the parenchyma and minimal hemosiderin accumulation. No other abnormal inclusions can be seen. Immunostains for hepatitis B surface and core antigen are negative. The etiology of the underlying cirrhosis is. difficult to ascertain, but the areas with lymphoid aggregates and the past history of documented Hep C would be compatible with this being the main etiology. The presence of plasma cells always the consideration of autoimmune hepatitis, but the morphology is not specific. An additional finding that might correlate with the imageing are areas with bile duct dilation and aggregation in the fibrous septa recapitulating the pattern of Von Meyenbergs complexes, but more comptible with secondary change due to the cirrhosis. Accession Number Encounter Number Patlent Locationd 17/14 Ctiterls  HIPAA Discrepancy rior Malignancy Case is (circle):