
--- Page 1 ---
PATIENT HISTORY: Colon cancer, COPD, thoraco of abdominal aneurysm.. PRE OP DIAGNO$IS: Cecal mass. PoSt OP biagnOSIS: Same. PROCEDURE: Right hemicolectomy. ADDENDA: Addendum  In situ hybridization studies performed on the moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of the right colon show a ratlo. of Her-2/neu gene to the centromere of chromosome 17 of 1.66. This indicates low ievel amplification of the Her-2/neu oncogene in the targeted region FINAL DIAGNOSIS: PART 1: COLON, RIGHT, HEMICOLECTOMY Moderately differentiated adenocarcinomA. A B. Tumor size 6.0 x 6.0 x 5.0 CM. Tumor invading through the muscularis propria to the subseRosal aDi ISSDE C. D. SURGICAL, MARGINS FREE OF TUMOR. E.  NO eVIdeNCE OF ANGIOLymPHATIC OR PeRinEURAL InVASION. F. Twenty-four (24) lymph nodes free of tumor. G. TUMOR STAGE: pT3N0MX Part 2: GaLLBLadDer, Cholecystectomy - A. Cholelitmiasis wIth Chronic cholecystitis. B. NO EVIDENCE OF MALIGNANCY. COMMENT: Part 1: Multiple sections of the right colon tumor mass show a moderatoly differontiated adenocarcinoma consisting of well-formed malignant glands. In some area, the tumor cells contaln abundant mucin vacuoles with a signet-ring. appearance. However, individual infiltrating signet-ring cells are not seen. In other areas, the tumor cels form nests or trabcculae with irregular to angular nuclei and visible nucleoli. Although the lattor component raises the possibility of neuroendocrine differentiation, immunostains for the neuroendocrine markers synaptophysin and chromogranin are both negative. Theretore, this tumor is best characterized as moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma.. Ras reviewed this case and agreed with the diagnosis. SYNOPTIC : PRIMARY COLON AND RECTAL TUMORS A. Location: 2 1. Ileocecal Region 4. Descending Colon 2. Ascending Colon Sigmoid Colon 3.Transverse Colon 6. Rectum Procedure. 1 Segrnental Colectomy 3. Other Total Colectomy C. Size of Turnor (maximum dimension) 6.0 x 6.0 x 5Q.cm D). Type: 1 1. Acenocarcinoma, NOs 9. Squamous Cell Carcinomg 2. Adenocarcinoma arising in a background 10. Undifferentiated Carcinoma  Of an adenoma. 11. Sarcoma 3. Adenocarcinoma arising in a background 12. Smooth Muscle Tumor  of intlammatory bowel disease 13. Gastrointestinal strornal tumor 4 Adenosquamous carcinoma 14. Lymphoma 5 Carcinoid Tumor (Neuroendocrine Tumor) 15. Other 6. Mucinous Adenocarcinoma 7. Signet ring cell type Adenocarcinoma 3.Neuroendocrine Carcinoma E. Grade: 2 1. Wen differentiated 2.Moderately differentiated 3.Poorly differenliated Extent of Infiltration.  1. Limited to the mucosa 4. Intiltraling through muscularis propna into serosal 2. Into submucosa adipose tissue 3. Involving muscularis propria 5. Involving adjacent organs/ peivic wall G. Angiotymphatic Invasion: 2 Yes 2.No H Surgical Margins Involved. 2 Yes 2.No Regional Lymph Node invoivement: 2 "Yes 2.Na If regional ymph nodes involved, Number positive/number examined: #/# Extracapsular spread : 2 Yes 2.No. Associated conditions: N/A Uicerative colitis. Crohns Disease History/ presence of adenomatous polyps. 4. Multiple polyposis syndromes. Diverticulosis. M. tnm Stage. t3 n@mx N. Dukes' Stage:2 1. A (limited to mucosa and muscularis) 2. 3.(hrough muscularis into subserosa). 0. Astler - Coller Stage: 3 1. A (mucosa but not into mnuscularis propria) 2. B1 (muscularis propria but not through, LN negative) 3. 82 (through muscularis propria into subserosal fbroadipose tissue, LN negative) 4. C1 (timited to musculans propria but not through serosa, LN positive). 5. C2 (invades serosal adipose tissue, LN positive)