
--- Page 1 ---
PATIENT hISTORy: The patient is a  A colonoscopy showed partially obstructing fungating tumor of the left colon close to splenic fexure. No other abnormalities seen. Bowel prep was suboptimal as a result of. partial obstruction of poor bowel prep, evaluation yas not continued. Biopsy of this lesion revealed adenocarcinoma. PRE OP DIAGNOSIS: Colon cancer. ** Post op Diagnosis: Same. PROCEDURE: Not given, ADDENDA: Addendum At the request of 4 EGFR immunostaining was performed on a section of the colon cancer (slide 1H). The immunohistochemical stain for EGFR is negative, but this interpretation is based on an altered method (an original H&E stained slide from this case had to be detstained in order to be stained for EGFR, a process that could potentially interfere with the immunohistochemical reaction). Thus, an additional EGFR stain has been requested on this patient's metastatic tumor and is pending; the results will be reported as an addendum of FINAL DIAGNOSIS: PArT 1 And 2: Large intestine, partial resecton with subsequent revision of "new proximal. margin" -  A.  INVASIVE MODERATELY DIFFERANTIATED COLONIC ADENOCARCINOMA EXTENDING THROUGH THE muscularis propria Into the serosal Adipose tissue. Diameter 6.5 Cm. nO evidence Of Angiolymphatic Invasion. PiErineural invasion IdentifieD. All. margins Free. pathologiC STage t3nomx, dukes' b, Astler cOller b2. B. Twelve (12) pericOLonic LymRh nODes wIth nO eviDence Of metastaTiC cARcinomA.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC: SyNopTIC Primary COLOn AnD rECTal TUmORS A. Location: 5 1. Ileocecal Region 4.  Descending Colon 2. Ascending Colon 5. Sigmoid Colon 3. Transverse Colon 6. Rectum B Procedure: 1 1.  Segrnental Colectomy 3. Other 2. Total Colectomy C. Size of Tumor (maximum dimension): 6.5 cm D. Type: 1 1. Adenocarcinoma, NOs 9. Squamous Cell Carcinoma 2. Adenocarcinoma arising in a backgroun 10. Undifferentiated Carcinoma of an adenoma. 11. Sarcoma 3.  Adenocarcinoma arising in a backgroung 12. Smooth Muscle Tumor of inflammatory bowel disease 13. Gastrointestinal stromal tumor 4. Adenosquamous carcinoma 14. Lymphoma 5. Carcinoid Tumor (Neuroendocrine Tumg) 15. Other 6.  Mucinous Adenocarcinoma Signet ring cell type Adenocarcinoma 8. Neuroendocrine Carcinoma Grade: 2 1. Well differentiated 2. Modergtely differentiated 3. Poorly differentiated F. Extent of Intiltration:  Limited to the mucosa. 4. Infiltrating through muscularis propria into serosal Into submucosa adipose tissue  Involving muscularis propria 5.  Invotving adjacent organs/ pelvic wall Angiolymphatic Invasion:  2 G. 1. Yes 2. No H. Surgical Margins Involved: 2 1. Yes 2. No 1.  Regional Lymph Node Involvement: 2 1. Yes 2. No J. If regional lymph nodes involved, Number positive/number examined: N/A. K. Extracapsular spread : N/A Yes 2.No. Associated conditions: N/A 1. Ulcerative colitis. 2. Crohns Disease. 3. History/ presence of adenomatous polyps 4. Multiple polyposis syndromes. 5. Diverticulosis. M. Tnm Stage: t3 nQmx N.Dukes' Stage: 2 1. A (limited to mucosa and muscularis) 2.  B.(through muscularis into subserosa) C (through subserosa and involving adjagent organ/pelvic wall/regional or distant lymph nodes) O. Astler - Coller Stage: 3 1. A (mucosa but not into muscularis propr 2.  B1 (muscularis propria but not through, N negative) 3.  B2 (through muscularis propria into subserosal fibroadipose tissue, LN negative). 4. C1 (limited to muscularis propria but notthrough serosa, LN positive). 5. C2 (invades serosal adipose tissue, LN positive)