
--- Page 1 ---
Sex: Female D.O.B.: Ref Physra.! RESSSRESANCRSRECIMENINPO Collected: Received: Reported: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT ADDENDUM REPORT BREAST PROGNOSTIC PANEL: Block(A4) REFERENCE RANGES RESULT TEST  1% is Positive POSITIVE (93%) Estrogen Receptor:  1% is Negative Staining Intensity: Strong  1% is Positive POSITIVE (60%) Progesterone Receptor:  1% is Negative Staining Intensity: Strong > 20% is High HIGH (32%) Ki-67 (MIB1) Proliferation Marker. 10-20% is Borderline <10% is Low 0-1+Negative EQUIVQCAL (2+ staining) Her2 by IHC: 2+ Equivocal 3+Positive  Weak, circumferential membrane staining in > 10% of cancer cells or <30% with strong complete membrane.staining A reflex to HER-2/neu by FiSH (fluorescent in situ hybridization) will be performed and an additional report will follow. Slides from this sample These results were interpreted at. .yas. Stanuaru assay conditions were met, including cold ischemia time and fixation  were evaluated and deemed adequate for ER/PR/Ki-67/.... parameters. All controls show appropriate reactivity.. UUID: 58978086-7443-4721-854B-877CE0FC10C0 TCGA-AC-A6IV-01A-PR Redacted [Specific testing information and references have been added to the microscopic description] The original diagnosis remains unchanged.. Addendum Report Issued by.. 1cD6-3  DIAGNOSIS: CtC F nbS A. Right breast mastectomy:. Invasive mammary carcinoma. Favor pleomorphic lobular carcinoma. Size: 2.2 cm. Architectural score: 3 ot 3. Nuclear score: 2 ot 3. srcenosro 8524/B Mitotic score: 2 of 3. W/stuer Tygso Total score: 7 of 9. Grade 2. Prognostic panel will follow as an addendum. Sut: RS Buesst nss Cso.9 No evidence of in situ carcinoma. No evidence of angiolymphatic invasion. StO b117/13 All surgical margins of excision are free of carcinoma.. Closest margin is deep and is 1.5 cm. B. Right axillary sentinel lympn nade: One lymph node, Metastatic carcinoma. Size of involvement within the node: 0.3 cm.

--- Page 2 ---
No evidence of extracapsular extension. Confirmed by staining for pancytokeratin.e TMN: T2pN1 Electronic Signature: MAASAMAACLINCALINFORMATION HSANPSEEAANSCSR CLINICAL HISTORy: Preoperative Diagnosis: Right modified radical mastectomy with sentinel node mapping with frozen section. Invasive mnammary carcinoma. ER positive. PR positive. Her-2 negative. Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: A. Right breast B.Right axilla sentinel node GROSS DESCRIPTION: A. The first container A is received labeled with the patient's name ight breast.The specimen consists of portion of fibroadipose breast  tissue and overlying skin measuring 20.0 x 16.5 x 6.0 cm and weighs 643 grams. The skin surface measures 20.0  9.2 cm, is light tan, wrinkled. There are no lesions seen grossly. The nipple Is eccentrically placed and appears grossly unremarkable. There is no arientation given to the specimen. The  margins have been inked yellow with the exception of the deep margin, which has been inked black. Sectioning reveals a firm gray-tan ill-defined mass that measures 2.2 x 2.0 x 1.8 cm that is 1.5 cm from the deep margin and is 2.7 from the closest lateral rnargin. The surrounding breast tissue reveals.  yellow-tan fatty fibroadipose tissue. There are no other lesions identified. At the periphery of the breast, there are no lymph nodes identified. Received  with the soecimen are three cassettes, one yellow, one green and one blue labeled Representative sections are submitted in cassettes labeled follows: nipple block 1; deep margin overiying the mass in block 2; sections from the mass in blocks 3 through 7; random sections taken nron all tour quadrants in blocks 8 through 11 B. The second container B is received in formalin labeled right axilla sentinel node.The specimen consists of a portion of fibroadipose  tissue that measures 3.5 x 2.0 x 1.5 cm. Sectioning reveais a singie rymph node that measures 1.8 x 0.7 x 0.9 cm. The lymph node is sectioned and is.  entirely submitted in two cassettes labeled. MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION: THERAPEUTIC MARKER ASSAY CONDITIONS Breast Cancer Analysis using Immuno-histochemistry, and Pathologist review. is an automated digital slide creation, rmanagement, viewing and computer-assisted analysis system which aids the pathologist in the detection, classificatian, ER/PgR,  and counting of cells of interest thereby standardizing slide scoring through quantitative. HER2/neu Scoring assessment of marker intensity, size and shape. This laboratory uses a nodified version nf a FDA.  approved test. An antibody other than the FDA approved antibody for the system algorithn is used. The performance characteristics of these assays have been determined by Performance characteristics refer to the analytical performance of the test. Cold Ischemic  Specimen should be placed in neutral buffered formalin within 1 hour of removal from the patient Time, Fixative, and fixed for a minimum of 6 but not in excess of 48 hours. Specimen are processed by routine Processing tissue processing methods. Staining Method Used Staining platform, antibodies and associated reagent below are all manufactured by and are FDA approved. ER - Anti-Estrogen receptor (clone SP1) primary antibody is a rabbit monoclonal antibody (IgG) that. is used for the qualitative detection of estrogen receptor antigens.  PgR - Anti-Progesterone Receptor (clone 1E2) primary antibody is a rabbit monodlonal antibody Primary (IgG) that is used for the quantitative detection ot the A, B and C isoforms of human progesterone. Antibodies receptor antigens. Ki-67 -Anti-Ki-57 primary antibody is directed against the C-terminal portion of the Ki-67 antigen which is expressed in the nuclei of proliferating cells (normal and neoplastic). The antibody identifies  proliferating activity in sections of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue on an automated slide  stainer platform.  HER-2/neu -- PATHWAY Anti-HER-2/neu (485) primary antibody is a rabbit monoclonal antibody M (IgG) that is used for semi-quantitative detection of HER2 antigens. ER, PR, HER-2/neu are prepared from sections of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue on an  automated slide stainer platform.e Controls All Controls show appropriate reactivity (high protein expression, low protein expression, negative.  protein expression, internal elements from normal breast tissue included with sampie. Antigen A tris based buffer with a slightly basic pH , which, at elevated temperatures is capable of hydrolyzing.  Retrieval Type the covalent bonds formed by formalin in tissue Detection  System Type Indirect biotin streptavidin detection system