
--- Page 1 ---
IcDO -3  UUID: 899CC957-3E0E-4452-9D36-B9EDBF28FDC8 Redacted Careinsms reual ceIl TcgA-Uw-A7gU-01z-pr Chomsphobu type 8317|3 Surgical Pathology Report tJ 9/24/3 Diagnosis: A: Resection bed, left kidney, biopsy - Renal parenchyma with mild chronic interstitial inflammation - No evidence of malignancy B: Resection bed, right kidney, removal. - Renal parenchyma with mild chronic interstitial inflammation - No evidence of malignancy C: Mass, Left kidney, resection - Renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe type, eosinophilic variant, 2.6 cm, without vascular or extracapsular invasion, surgical margins involved by renal cell carcinoma (see comment) D: Mass, right kidney, resection - Oncocytoma, 1.4 cm, surgical margins negative (see comment) COMMENT: Immunohistochemical stains were performed on parts C and D with appropriate controls. The lesion in the left kidney was positive for CD117and CK7 and negative for vimentin. These findings are consistent with chromophobe variant of renal cell carcinoma. The lesion in right kidney was positive for CD117 and negative for vimentin and CK7. These findings are consistent with oncocytoma. This case was shown in consultation to Drs. and who concur with the diagnosis.. Intraoperative Consult Diagnosis: A frozen section was requested by Dr. in . FSA1: Resection bed, left, biopsy. - No carcinoma identified FSB1: Resection bed, right kidney, biopsy. - No tumor seen. Drs. and on Frozen Section Pathologist:, MD PhD Clinical History: -year-old male with bilateral renal masses.

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description: Received are four formalin-filled containers. Container A: Received fresh for frozen section is a 2 x 1 x 0.3 cm aggregate of multiple red/tan soft. tissue fragments which were frozen as FSA1, Container B: Received fresh for frozen section is an 8 x 7 x 4 mm red/tan soft tissue fragment which was frozen as FSB1. Container C is additionally labeled "left renal mass." It holds a 5.2 gram, 2.9 x 2.4 x 2.0 cm partial nephrectomy specimen which is intact and has an identified pink to golden yellow glistening capsular surface and a golden pink parenchymal surface. The parenchymal margin is entirely inked blue. Sectioning exhibits a solid and cystic (mainly cystic) mass measuring 2.6x2.1x0.6 cm with a glistening gelatinous pale golden yellow cut surface. The mass focally abuts the blue inked parenchymal margin.. Two central full thickness sections are submitted in blocks C1 and C2. The remaining portions of each. half is further sectioned and submitted in blocks C3 and C4, Container D is additionally labeled "right renal mass." It holds an unoriented 1.2 gram, 1.8 x 1.3 x 0.9 cm partial nephrectomy specimen with an identified capsular surface which is golden pink, smooth and glistening with loosely adherent fibroadipose tissue and a golden pink parenchymal surface. The. parenchymal margin is inked blue. There is a 1.3 x 1.4 x 1.0 cm palpable nodule which causes distortion of the capsular surface. Upon sectioning, this mass is mainly solid and has a relatively homogeneous golden yellow cut surface. The mass is serially sectioned and entirely submitted in blocks D1 and D2, 8/31