
--- Page 1 ---
TiDO3 UUID:4705E851-FE91-4FCF-94FC-4872A381DED4 Rpinelle eeQQ miLl 87xf3 S.te: Wveltact C69.4 Q/io[14 Enucleation of the left eye. Macroscopy: The eyeball measures 25 mm in diameter and the posterior optic nerve segment 7 mm. Tissue specimens have been taken for cryopreservation and then the piece has been fixed and included entirely. Su pah discrpecy fom fr Microscopye The eyeball presents a tumor exhibiting the morphology of an uveal melanoma. composed of fusiform (40%) and of epithelioid cells (60%). Important melanotic. pigmentation. The mitotic index is very low. There is no necrosis.. The tumor invades the ciliary body. The sclera, the optic nerve on its entire course, the meningeal sheath and the end cut of the optic nerve are free of tumor. There is no extrascleral extension. The tumor size is 12X7 mm main lines Conclusion: Uveal melanoma composed of fusiform and of epithelioid cells.. Tumor size: 12X7 mm Low mitotic index. Tumor extension of the ciliary body No extrascleral extension. Sclera, optic nerve in its entire course, cut end of the optic nerve and meningeal sheaths free of tumor..

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologlc Diagnosis Discrepancy Form Instructlons: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TCGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (TsS): .... _ TSS Identifier: .  TSs Unique Patient Identifier: - Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): --.. Completed Date: _ Diagnosis Information # Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions 60% epithelioid cells Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s) documented on Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for Provided on Initial this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. 40% spindle cells Pathology Report Histologic features of  Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case 61-90% epitheliold cells Quality Control Form completed for this case. the sample provided for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% spindle cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form  Provide the reason for  Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial the discrepancy The section of the frozen sample used for sending  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the..  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form.  report and the TCGA where the epithelioid part is predominant..  Case Quality Control Form. The percentages mentioned on the initial  Pathology Report correspond to an average on the whole embedded sections used for establish the Pathology Report. Name of TSS Reviewing Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case Pathologist or for TCGA. Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director Date I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. Ths Attending Pathologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses. Principal Investigator Signature Date