
--- Page 1 ---
Final Received Date/Time Final Reporting Information Date/Time : Histopathologist : Laboratory : Final Consultant-In-Charge Final Submitting Physician Final Histopathology Report DIAGNOSIS LEFT LEVEL 2 CERVICAL LYMPH NODE; EXCISION: DIFFUSE LARGE B-CELL LYMPHOMA. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received a piece of specimen measuring 2 x 1 x 0.5cm which is trisected. One piece measuring 1 x 0.5 x 0.2cm is partitioned for snap-freezing.. Received subsequently in formalin, labelled with patient's data, and designated "cervical lymph node" are fragments of soft tissue altogether measuring 1.5 x 1.5 x 0.8cm, submitted entirely. (A1 & A2; no reserve) MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION The nodal architecture is diffusely effaced, with spillover into extranodal adipose tissue, by patternless masses of medium-sized cells with ample, pale eosinophilic cytoplasm and irregular, vesicular nuclei containing dispersed chromatin that allows visualisation of one-to-several nucleoli, accompanied by scattered mitoses and apoptotic debris, the latter within tingible-body macrophages that focally impart a "starry-sky" pattern. No granulomas or metastatic malignancy is seen. The.lymphomatous proliferation is strongly and diffusely positive for pan-B cell. marker cd20 and coexpresses late-to-postgerminal centre-associated Mum.1 with germinal centre-associated bcl-6, as well as antiapoptosis protein bcl-2 to far greater extent than can be accounted for by physiological expression in the small numbers of admixed, cD3-positive, reactive, small T-lymphocytes, while being largely negative for germinal centre-associated antigen cpio, which. highlights background stroma, thereby excluding Burkitt lymphoma in conjunction with a. variable cell proliferation fraction that falls well short of 100%,. culminating around 70-80% by Ki-67 immunolabelling. Immunostaining for Cyclin D1 is negative within the lymphoid proliferation, highlighting only physiological expression in scattered histiocytic and activated endothelial nuclei, excluding a blastoid mantle cell lymphoma. Negativity for terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase, except in rare haematogones, rules out a precursor lymphoblastic. neoplasm in conjunction with the cD10-negativity. cd2l-immunoreactive follicular dendritic meshworks are rare, peripheralised and markedly attenuated, in keeping with being overrun rather than supporting a folliculocentric component. External positive controls are in working order. (For your attention)