
--- Page 1 ---
CGA-B8-A8YJ-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY Case Number : Diagnosis: A: Kidney, right, robotic partial nephrectomy IDO 3 Coureentm, c&ar cekk 8ai/3 Procedure: partial nephrectomy Sste. RBidnylVoc Cic4.9 Laterality: right IO 4|3J14y Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, clear cell type Sarcomatoid features: not identified Histologic grade (if applicable): Fuhrman nuclear grade 2 Tumor size (greatest dimension): 4.4 cm (gross measurement) Tumor focality: unifocal Extent of tumor invasion (if present specify if macroscopic or microscopic): Capsular invasion/perirenal adipose tissue: not identified Gerota's fascia: not present in specimen Renal sinus: not present in specimen. Major veins (renal vein or segmental branches, Ivc): not present in specimen Ureter: not present in specimen. Venous (large vessel): not present in specimen Lymphatic (small vessel): not identified. Histologic assessment of surgical margins: Renal parenchymal margin (partial nephrectomy only): free of tumor Renal capsular margin (partial nephrectomy only): free of tumor Paranephric adipose tissue margin (partial nephrectomy only): free of tumor Adrenal gland: not present in specimen Lymph nodes: none submitted Pathologic findings in non-neoplastic kidney: none

--- Page 2 ---
AJCc Staging: pT1b pNx This staging information is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending clinical review and additional information.. Clinical History: -year-old female with a right renal mass.. Gross Description: Received is one appropriately labeled container, additionally. labeled "right renal mass." It holds a 47.8 gram aggregate in total, 25 gram, 4.8 x 4.5 x 2.5 cm resection of kidney and separate lobulated, focally cauterized fat. The identified renal capsule is inked black, and the exposed parenchymal margin is. inked blue. Sectioning demonstrates a 4.4 x 3.2 x 2.5 cm well circumscribed hemorrhagic cortical nodule with bright orange borders. This nodule comes within 0.1 cm of multiple blue inked parenchymal margins, expands the capsule, and comes within less than 0.1 cm of multiple black inked capsular margins. There is a compressed rim of gray/tan kidney tissue present. Tumor and. normal is given to tissue procurement. Representative sections are submitted in blocks Al-A7 and representative sections from the aggregate of fat are submitted in block A8. Tissue remains in formalin.. .