
--- Page 1 ---
Requesting Doctor's Intormatlon: UUID: 32888F7A-8CEC-4670-A83F-B16AF53E74CE TCGA-OR-A5C-01A-PR Redacted tcd-o-3 orcinsina, adreual eortica! Site:CAdrenasgtand A SPECIMEN TYPE: Adrenal Mass Cs^+eQ C74.D T 1Qg/i3 CLINICAL NOTES: H L) adrenal tumour -> gynaecomastia. 0 MACROSCOPIC: L "Left adrenal tumour." The specimen consists ot a lobulated, roughly ovoid 0 mass, 135 x 100 x 90mm, weighing 754g. The specimen has been previously incised prior to receipt over a length of 45mm. The mass is lobulated and. G surrounded by a thin layer of adipose tissue. On sectioning, lobules of tan Y tissue are separated by fine fibrous bands. Areas of haemorrhage and necrosis are identified. Most of the tumour is light brown/tan. Small amounts of residual adrenal gland parenchyma are present at the peripheries.. Representative tissue smbedded in six blocks. MICROSCOPIC: The adrenal tumour is a high grade adrenal cortical carcinoma. The tumour is variable in its architecture, including diffuse sheets, areas of glandular, papillary and trabeculae formation, and regions where the cells are more. insular in their arrangement. There are occasional well differentlated areas where the tumour vaguely resembles normal adrenal cortical parenchyma. The A cells have abundant granular eosinophilic cytoplasm with clear cell areas.. N Nuclear pleomorphism is variabie and overall moderate. There is a rich vascular background with large areas of haemorrhage and necrosis. Mitoses are numerous, A Including atypical forms, up to 24/50 hpf. T There is prominent vascular space permeation within capsular vessels, showing formation ot tumour thrombi. 0 A thick tibrous capsule surrounds the tumour and local resection appears M complete. A rim of atrophic adrenal cortex is seen at one end. 1 SUMMARY: c Left adrenal mass: A High grade adrenal cortical carcinoma, with prominent vascular space  permeation. L Local excision appears complete. T-93000 M-80103 P A T H 0 L n

--- Page 2 ---
 Requesting Doctor's information: H s T 0 p A T SPECIMEN TYPE: Adrenal Mass h 0 REPORTING PATHOLOGIST: (Electronic Signature) L 0 G Y A N A T 0 M 1 c A L P A T H 0 L 0 Page 2 of 2 G Y