
--- Page 1 ---
LCD-6 3 Carcnomd,/ynaI cell SURGICAL PATHOLOGY Chomsphobe tyee. 88/7|3 Case Number : Sute E4isrey ngS 'C649 Diagnosis: 8/9/ 3 A: Base of tumor, excision. - Renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe type - Fuhrman grade 3 of 4 B: Left renal mass, partial nephrectomy Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe type; see comment. Sarcomatoid features: None identified. Histologic grade (if applicable): Fuhrman grade 3 of 4 Tumor size (greatest dimension): 3.7 cm Tumor focality: Unifocal. Extent of tumor invasion (if present specify if macroscopic or microscopic): Capsular invasion/perirenal adipose tissue: Negative for. malignancy Gerota' s fascia: Negative for malignancy. Venous (large vessel): Not identified. Lymphatic (small vessel): Not identified Histologic assessment of surgical margins:. Renal parenchymal margin (partial nephrectomy only): Tumor involves inked surgical margin (B1). Renal capsular margin (partial nephrectomy only): Negative, but close; tumor is < 1 mm from the inked capsular margin Paranephric adipose tissue margin (partial nephrectomy only): Negative for malignancy. UUID:1BBCA936-0E8A-4485-A26E-EA998B326F54 TCGA-UW-A72K-01A-PR Redacted Adrenal gland: Not sampled. Lymph nodes: Not sampled. AJcc Staging: pT1a pNX

--- Page 2 ---
This staging information is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending clinical.review.and additional information.. Comment: Immunohistochemical stains are performed and demonstrate the tumor is diffusely positive for ck7, cDi0, E-Cadherin, and cD117 while being negative for Rcc and vimentin. This immunophenotype, combined with the histologic features, is most consistent with the chromophobe variant of renal cell carcinoma.. Clinical History: -year-old male with a left renal mass. Gross Description: Received are two appropriately labeled containers.. Container A is additionally labeled "base of tumor." It one tan/gray soft tissue mass measuring 1.0 x 0.7 x 0.4 cm. The tissue is submitted in block Al, Container B is additionally labeled "left renal mass." It holds a partial nephrectomy specimen weighing 34.2 grams and measuring 5.4 x 4.7 x 3.5 cm overall. The kidney parenchymal margin is inked in black and the capsule overlying the mass is inked blue. Sectioning reveals a fairly well circumscribed mass measuring 3.7 x 3.3 x 2.4 cm. The capsule overlying the mass appears to be intact. The cut surface of the mass is tan/pink and there appears to be a small amount of residual tan/white kidney at the parenchymal margin. The tumor is grossly 0.2 cm from the black inked parenchymal margin. Block Summary: B1-B3 - mass with black inked parenchymal margin. B4-B5 - mass with overlying blue inked capsule B6 - additional sections of mass lu 7f 30f13