
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:603C0BEB-A258-454E-970D-8ACABA1EE96D TCGA-AD-A5EK-01A-PR Redacted SURGCALPATHOLOGYREPOR DIAGNOSIS DIAGNOSIS: Colon and srnall intestine, segmental resections: Invasive adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated tumor site cannot be determined but appears to be right colon or transverse colon or hepatic flexure. tumor size = 2.5 x 2.3 x 1.0 cm macroscopic tumor perforation - not identified  macroscopic intactness of mesorectum - not applicable histologic type - adenocarcinoma. 1cs-0-3 histologic grade - low-grade (moderately differentiated)  intra-tumoral tymphocytic response - none perl-tumoral lymphocytic response - none sdiocuiiimns Nos 81yo/3 mucinous tumor component* -5% J'ah. Site: Colon, Nis C1s.t medullary tumor component - none tumor invades into but not through muscularis propria. all margins uninvolved by carcinoma C18.a CQcr: Cilon, . uscdiy closest margin - 3 cm, colonic; (radial/circumferential distance = 1.5 cm) treatment effect - not known (and none seen) h lymphovascular permeation - not seen peri-neural invasion - not seen tumor deposits - not identified type of polyp - none identified pT2. pN0 (0/11). pMx small intestine negative for tumor INICAL INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis: Adenocarcinoma of transverse colon mass Postoperative Diagnosis:  Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: Right coion SPECIMEN DATA GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received in a single formalin filled container labeled with the patient's name,. nd "right colon" and consists of a right hemicoiectomy specimen comprised of terminal ileum (7.5 cm in iength by 2.0 cm in diameter), cecum/rignt colon (23.0 cm in length and ranging from 3.5 up to 5.0 cm in diameter) and vermiform appendix (4.7 cm in length and ranging trom 0.5 to 0.7 cm in diameter). The specimen is received stapled. closed at both ends. The serosa is pink-tan, smooth to shaggy and features adherent yellow-tan mesocolonic fat. The wall averages 0.7 cm in thickness. The distal colonic mucosa is remarkable for a 2.5 x 2.3 x 1.0 cm, tan-brown, fungating mass that approaches to within 3.0 cm of the colonic. margin and to within 20.0 cm of the ileal margin. On sectioning, the mass extends into but does not penetrate the muscularis and approaches to within. 1.0 cm of the inked deep margin. The remainder of the mucosa is pink-tan and glistening with normal folds. No additional iesions are identified. Sections through the appendix reveal a pinpoint lumen with no discrete lesions. On section and palpation, muitiple firm fatty possibie lymph nodes are identified within the associated fat. They range from 0.3 up to 1.4 cm in greatest dimension.. Also received in the same container is a 2.3 cm in length by 2.7 cm in diameter segment of small bowel received stapled closed at one end and opened at the opposite end. The serosa is pink-tan and glistening with adherent vellow-tan mesenteric fat. On palpation, no lymph nodes are identified. Representative sections are submitted in cassette A1-16 labeled : lesignated as follows: 1 ileal margin, en face; 2 colonic margin, en face;. 3-8 entire mass to inked deep margin. perpendicular, 9 vermiform appenaix; ru-11 six whole possible lymph nodes in each cassette; 12 four whole  possible lymph nodes; 13 one whole possible bisected lymph node; 14 en tace opened end from separately submitted bowel segment; 15 en face Stapled end from separately submitted bowel segment; 16 random ful thickness sections from separately submitted bowel segment. Additionaly. a. yellow and green cassette are submitted for genomics research, each labeled. Criteria OigprosisMscrepanc Py rSte H:PAALnes2ecy UJ