
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN DESIGNATEDRIGHT COLONPARTIAL COLECTOMY(27 Cm ADENocARcINOMA, with focal mucinous features,low grade, moderately differentiated (4.5 cm in greatest dimension) Tumor is located in right colon, forms a polypoid mass,is ulcerative,is diffusely infiltrative, and has an infiltrating border. Tumor invades through muscularis propria into serosa. Proximal and distal resection margins are negative for tumor. Invasive tumor is 7 cm from proximal resection margin, 13 cm from distal resection margin, and 0.2 cm from radial resection margin. Lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Extramural venous invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified. Peritumoral lymphoid response (including Crohn's-like infiltrate) is mild. Residual adenoma is absent. Regional lymph nodes (positive: total): 0:22. AJCC Classification (6th edition: pT3a N0 MX. CLINICAL DATA: History: Not provided Operation: Lap-assisted right colectomy Operative Findings: Not provided Clinical Diagnosis: Colon ca TISSUE SUBMITTED: A/1.Right colon GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh, labeled with the patient's name, unit number, and "#1. Right colon", and consists of a right colectomy specimen including terminal ileum (7.6 cm in length x 2.0 cm in diameter with a stapled proximal resection margin (11.0 cm) and ascending colon (20.0 cm in length x 3.5 cm in diameter) with a distal stapled resection margin (4.l cmNo appendix is identified. The proximal resection margin is inked blue and the distal resection margin is inked black.A tan/black tattoo (6.2 cm x 4.0 cm) is approximately 6.0 cm distal from the ileocecal valve. A tan/pink polypoid, centrally ulcerating mass (4.5 x 4.0 x 3.0 cm) is present 7.0 cm from the proximal resection margin,13.0 cm from the distal resection margin, and 1.5 cm distal from the ileocecal valve. The serosa underlying the mass is puckered and is inked orange. The mass abuts the radial margin. The area surrounding

--- Page 2 ---
the tumor (11.0 x 5.0 cm) is tan/white and slightly firmer in consistency than the uninvolved mucosa. The pericolonic adipose tissue contains multiple lymph node candidates ranging up to 1.2 cm in greatest dimension.All lymph node candidates are submitted. The specimen is photographed prior to fixation. Representative sections of the tumor and normal mucosa are submitted for tissue banking. Al: Proximal stapled resection margin, perpendicular section, 1 frag, Micro A2: Distal stapled resection margin, perpend r section,1 frag, Micro A3-A4:Deepest extent of mass,1 frag each, Micro A5: Mass in relation to normal mucosa,1 frag, Micro A6:Representative section of pale mucosa, 1 frag, frags, Micro A8-All: Lymph node candidates,multi frags, By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto.