
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN A. Liver lesion B. Paraaortic lymph node. Rectosigmoid colon CLINICAL NOTES CLINICAL HISTORY: Sigmoid colon cancer.. FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS left lobe, excision: Metastatic adenocarcinoma GROSS DESCRIPTION A.  The specimen is received fresh for frozen section Left liver lesion" and consists of a tan 0.8 x 0.3 x 0 rubbery tissue, entirely frozen as frozen section n formalin labeled "paraaortic lymph node" is. a 1.2 x 0.8 x 0.3 cm. rubbery tan pink tissue in keeping with lym de which is quadrisected and entirely submitted in one block Received fresh for tissue for permanent labeled rectosiqmoid colon" is a previously unopened, 22 cm. segment of distal colon, surfaced by smooth glistening tan-pink serosa and scabrous adventitia, with an abundant amount of attached mesocolon. The specimen is oriented by anatomic landmarks and both. proximal and distal margins average 8.5 cm.. in circumference. On opening, there is a a circumferential, 7.8 x 4.6 cm. centrally necrotic rubbery, tan-red tumor mass, with raised rolled edges located 5.5 cm. from the distal margin.  A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa submitted for tissue procurement requested.  On sectioning, the tumor extends into the muscularis to within 0.2 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface (see blocks #3 and 4).  The tumor is greater than 5 cm. from the adventitial resection margins (represented in block #2).  The mucosa throughout the remainder of the specimen is focally tattooed tan-pink to gray-black, with regular folds in the wall averages 6.0 cm. in thickness. No additional mass lesion or abnormality is identified grossly tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.2 cm. are recovered from the attached mesocolon. entative sections are submitted in fifteen blocks as labeled. BLOcK suMMARY: #1 - Proximal and distal margins (proximal inked blue); 2 - adventitial surface adjacent to tumor (inked green); 3-5  tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface; 6 tumor to normal mucosa;  random from remainder of specimen; 8-11  nine (9) whole lymph nodes assette; 12-15 - one bisected lymph node per cassette. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A, B, C. Microscopic examination of the rectosigmoid

--- Page 2 ---
resection, as well as the liver lesion and para-aortic. lymph node biopsy reveals - Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade:  Moderately to poorly differentiated Primary tumor (pT):  Tumor invades through muscularis propria into. subserosa (pT3) Proximal margin: Negative for tumor Distal margin: Negative for tumor Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor Distance of tumor from closest margin: 5.5 cm from the distal margin and greater than 5 cm from adventitial/radial margin Vascular invasion: Lymphatic space invasion is identified and is prominent in blocks C4 and c5. No large vessel invasion is identified. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic adenocarcinoma is identified. in 1 of 37 lymph nodes and measures 2 mm in greatest dimension in. slide C15. (pNla). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified.. Distant metastasis (pM): In  liver biopsy in specimen A (pMla).. Other findings: The para-aortic lymph node is negative for malignancy in specimen B.  The background colonic mucosa appears. unremarkable. 4x1, 14xl, 3x1, 5x1 DIAGNOSIS A. Liver lesion, incisional biopsy: Metastatic adenocarcinoma of colonic type consistent with origin from rectosigmoid tumor. B. Para-aortic lymph node, excisional biopsy: Single lymph node negative for metastatic tumor (0/1). Colon, rectosigmoid, segmental resection: Adenocarcinoma, moderately to poorly differentiated, invasive through muscularis propria  into subserosal tissue (pT3) Metastatic adenocarcinoma present in 1 of 37 lymph nodes (pN1a). Lymphatic space invasion present. Resection margins are negative for tumor. See microscopic description for template details..  End Of Report