
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY Surgical Pathology Report Diagnosis: Colon, right, colectomy Tumor Histologic Type: Invasive adenocarcinoma with mucinous features Histologic Grade: Moderately differentiated Tumor Location: Cecum with extension into ileocecal valve Depth of Invasion: Through muscularis propria into the pericolic soft tissue. Lymphovascular Invasion: Not identified Perineural Invasion: Not identified. Margins: Proximal margin: Negative, 4 cm from tumor Distal margin: Negative, 8 cm from tumor Circumferential (radial) margin (rectal tumors only): Not applicable Mesenteric margin: Negative, 8 cm from tumor Distance of carcinoma from closest margin (specify): 4 cm to proximal Regional Lymph Nodes: Total number with metastasis: 1. Total number examined: 19 Additional pathologic findings: Focal abscess formation adjacent to tumor AJCC PATHOLOGIC TNM STAGE: pT3 pN1a Note: This pathologic stage assessment is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending. clinical review and additional information. Comment: Multiple enlarged lymph nodes without carcinoma were identified. These lymph nodes contained numerous follicles that appeared reactive. However, due to the large size of the lymph nodes, the number of follicles, and the patient' s age, immunostains for BCL2 CD3 and CD20 were performed to exclude follicular or another low grade lymphoma. These stains reveal a benign reactive pattern. with no evidence of lymphoma.. Clinical History: cecal cancer. Gross Description: Specimen fixation: formalin Parts of bowel received: terminal ileum, cecum and ascending colon with attached fat. Specimen length: The terminal ileum is 4.5 cm in length and the large bowel is 12 cm in length.. Orientation: The cecal pouch where the tumor is inked blue.. Tumor dimensions: 6.5 x 4.7 x 1.3 cm with a mucinous cut surface. Gross appearance of tumor: Central cratered ulcer with raised rolled borders, broad based configuration Circumferential growth: n/a; in cecal pouch Gross depth of invasion: through the muscularis propria and into the subjacent fat of the cecum. Gross evidence of perforation through visceral peritoneum: no

--- Page 2 ---
Luminal obstruction: no Bowel circumference at tumor site: n/a (in cecal pouch). Gross distance of tumor from margins: The tumor is located 4 cm from the proximal margin, 8 cm from the distal margin, 8 cm from. the radial mesenteric margin and focally abuts the deep blue inked serosa. Lymph nodes: submitted as per block summary. Other remarkable findings: The remaining mucosa is velvety tan, and grossly unremarkable. The wall has a uniform thickness of. 0.3 cm. No appendix is grossly identified. The mass focally extends onto the ileocecal valve. Tissue submitted for special investigation: Tumor and normal are given to Tissue Procurement. Digital photograph taken: no Block Summary: A1 - en face proximal margin A2 - en face distal margin A3 - en face radial mesenteric margin A4 - one lymph node candidate, bisected at radial mesenteric margin. A5-A8 - full thickness sections of tumor to include relationship to inked. serosa and subjacent fat A9 - tumor spanning ileocecal junction. Lymph node candidates measuring up to 2 cm in greatest dimension are identified. A10 - four lymph node candidates A11 - three lymph node candidates A12 - one lymph node candidate, trisected A13-A14 - one lymph node candidate, sectioned (largest). A15 - two lymph node candidates A16-A19 - one lymph node candidate, serially sectioned A20 - six lymph node candidates A21 - two lymph node candidates Light Microscopy: Light microscopic examination is performed by Dr. For cases in which immunostains are performed, the following applies:. Appropriate internal and/or external positive and negative controls have been evaluated. Some of the immunohistochemical. reagents used in this case may be classified as analyte specific reagents (AsR). These were developed and have performance characteristics determined by the. These reagents have not been cleared or approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary. These tests are used for clinical purposes. They should not be regarded as investigational or for research. This. Iaboratory is certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of ) as qualified to perform high complexity clinical laboratory testing. Signature Attending Pathologist: I have personally conducted the evaluation of the above specimens and have rendered the above diagnosis(es).