
--- Page 1 ---
QC Patholc gist: FINAL PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: Colon, righ';, segmental resection:. Tumor Characteristics: 1. Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma.. 2. Histologic grade: Moderately differentlated. 3. Tumor site: Right colon. 4. Tumor uize: 3.0 x 2.7 x 0.5 cm. 5. Lymphcvascular space invasion: Not identified. 6. Perfora'ion of visceral peritoneum: No.. 7. Presenca of mesenteric deposits: No.'- * 8. Depth cf Invaston: Tumor invades submucosa but not to the muscularis propria. Surgical Margin Status: 1. Proximal margin: Negativee. 2. Distalrargin: Negative.. 3. Deep(radlal) margin: Negative.. 4. Distante of tumor from closest margin: Approximately 1 cm from the inked deep surface. Lymph Node Status: 1. Total number of lymph nodes examined: 22. 2. Total number of lymph nodes containing metastatic. carcinomal: None (0/22) Other: 1. Other significant findings: Tubular adenomas;.  hyperplastic polyp 2. pTNM stage: pT1 NO. COMMENTS: CLINICAI. HISTORY: with right colon Preoperative Diagnosis: cancer Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptor s/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMIENS: Right coton

--- Page 2 ---
. * PROCEDUFAL DEMOGRAPHICS: +* Date of Procedure! .. ... Accession Date/Ti! GROSS DE'SCRIPTION: The specimun is received in a single formalin filled. . +- ++*+ contalner lal:eled with the patient's name 'right colon' and consists of a right hemicolectomy specimen. comprised cf terminal ileum (4.5 cm in length x 2.0 cm in diameter), cscum/right colon (10.5 cm in length and ranging from 4.5 up to 7.0 cm in diamater), and vermiform'appendix (8.0 cm in kngth and ranging from 0.5 to 0.9 cm in dlameter). The specimen Is received stapled closed at both ends. The serosa is tan-gray, smooth to shaggy with adherent. yellow-tan niesocolonic fat. On opening, the wall averages 0.7 cm in thlckness. Located within the proximal colon is a. 3.0 x 2.7 x 0.5 cm pink-tan fungating mass that approaches to within 6.f cm of both the ileal and colonic margins. On sectlon, this: mass extends to abut the muscularls and approaches. to within 1.0 cm of the inked deep surface.. Discrete mtiscle invasion is not Identified grossly. The remainder of the mucosa is remarkable for multiple pink-tan. polypold lesions ranging from 0.3 up to 1.4 cm in greatest dimension. These approach to within 2.5 cm of the colonic margin and 3.5 cm of the ileal margin. On section, all are confined to the mucosa. The appendix is sectioned to reveal a pinpoint t smen with no perforations or fecaliths. On secton and! palpation, multiple flrm fatty possible lymph nodes are identiied within the associated fat. They range from 0.3 ut to 1.0 cm in greatest dimension. Representative sections are submitted in cassettes 1-14 labeled 713 Breedlove designated as follows: 1, ileal margin, en face; 2, colonic rnargin, en face; 3-5, entire mass to inked deep margin; 6-4-sections.to include whole polypoid lesions; 8, two full thk kness sections to include entire largest polypoid lesion; 9, vermiform appendix; 10-12, five whole possible ly nph nodes in each cassette; 13, four whole possible symph nodes; 14, three whole possible lymph nodes. Additionally, a yellow, green, and blue cassette sre submitted for