
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Right colon cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh labeled "right colon" is a previously unopened 30 cm.  segment of proximal right colon with attached 8 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth tan pink serosa. unremarkable omentum. No appendix is identified.  The proximal and distal margins measure 4.0 and 8.0 cm. in circumference respectively. On opening,. there a moderately well circumscribed, 4.5 x 3.8 cm. rubbery tan white-pink tumor mass located 9 cm. distal to the ileocecal valve. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal. mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 1.8 cm., grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.6 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface. A few soft tan ink polypoid lesions measuring up to 0.6 cm. in greatest dimension are present throughout the remainder of the colon. The ileal and remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable, glistening tan pink with regular folds and the. walls average 0.5 cm. in thickness. Multiple soft to slightly rubbery pale tan to tan-red tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.2 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery..  Representative sections are. submitted in 15 blocks as labeled.  RS-15. BLOCK SUMMARY:  - Proximal and distal margins; 2, 3 - tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface; 4 - central tumor; 5.  tumor to normal mucosa; 6, 7 - colonic polyps; 8 - Icv; 9 - random colon; 10-12 - six whole lymph nod. per cassette; 13-15 - one bisected lymph node per cassette. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Poorly differentiated Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the full thickness of the. wall into the adjacent adipose tissue, pT3 Proximal margin: Negative for tumor Distal margin:  Negative for tumor Circumferential (radial) margin:  Tumor is not identified at the. outer serosal surface of the specimen. Distance of tumor from closest margin: 21 cm from distal margin of. excision Vascular invasion: Present in pericolonic tissue. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Two of twenty-three lymph nodes positive for metastatic carcinoma (2/23), pN1b Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:  Perineural invasion by tumor is. identified

--- Page 2 ---
Distant metastasis (pM) : pMX Other findings:  Separate adenomatous polyps are identified within the colon. 5x1 DIAGNOSIS Colon, right, excision - Invasive poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma a (see tumor characteristics in the colon resection template in the microscopic description).  End Of Report