
--- Page 1 ---
COPY TO: Pre-Op Diagnosis Dysplastic colon polyp, colon mass Post-Op Diagnosis Same Clinical History Nothing indicated on requisition Gross Description: Container labeled " - extended right colon" is a 28.5 cm previously opened portion of large bowel including cecum and 3.0 cm of attached previously partially opened terminal ileum. The specimen is covered by a moderate amount of pericolic and epiploic adipose tissue in which a 4.9 x 0.7 x 0.7 cm grossly unremarkable vermiform appendix is identified. The visible serosa is smooth and gray tan. Noted at a point approximately 4.6 cm from the distal margin there is an area of deep gray discoloration consistent with tattooing. The bowel wall is up to 0.6 cm, edematous, and fibrotic. The lumen is lined by gray tan mucosa with preservation of intestinal folds. Noted in the area with the tattooing at a point 4.8 cm from the distai margin there is a previously partially sectioned 2.6 x 2.0 cm slightly raised finely granular centrally ulcerated gray brown plaque-like lesion. On sectioning this has a tan gritty fibrotic cut surface and grossly extends through the muscle but appears limited by the serosa. No other gross lesions are identified. Sectioning the surrounding adipose tissue reveals a few poorly defined tan gray to pink nodules up to 0.6 cm. Also received in the same container are three tissue cassettes each labeled  Representative sections are submitted. labeled as tollows: A - proxmal margin, B - distal margin, C through F - entire remaining lesion on surrounding tissue, G - random uninvolved bowel, H - appendix, 1 through K - nodules from pericolic fat.

--- Page 2 ---
Microscopic Description: The slides labeled are examined. See diagnosis Final Diagnosis. Terminal ileum, appendix, and right colon: Terminal ileum: No carcinoma is identified. PAS 1 Appendix: Fibrous obliteration of the luminal tip, no carcinoma identified. PAS 4 Colon: Tumor characteristics:e Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma.. Location of tumor: 4.8 cm from the distal surgical margin.. Size: 2.6 x 2.0 cm in greatest dimension. Grade: Moderately differentiated.. Lymphovascular space invasion: No unequivocal lymphovascular  space invasion identified. Perforation of Visceral peritoneum: No Presence of mesenteric deposits: No. Depth of invasion: Carcinoma extends through muscularis propria focally into subserosal adipose tissue. Surgical Margin Status:. Proximal Margin: No carcinoma identified. Distal Margin: No carcinoma identified. Radial Margin: No carcinoma identified. Distance of tumor from closest mucosal surgical margin: 4.8 cm. Lymph Node Status: Total number of lymph nodes examined: 12 Total number of lymph nodes with metastatic carcinoma: 0 (0/12) PAS 9 Other: Macrophages containing brownish black cytoplasmic pigment consistent with prior tattoo. PAS2 SPC-NP Stage: pT3N0 CPT: 88309 Comments At the request of the undersigned pathologist, these slides have been additionally reviewed by Dr.  * who concurs with the diagnosis.