
--- Page 1 ---
Date Coll: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN A. Subtotal colectomy B. Appendix CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS:  Carcinoma splenic flexure POST-OP DIAGNOSIS: Same, hepatic flexure to sigmoid-descending colon junction. GROSS DESCRIPTION A.  Received fresh labeled "subtotal colectomy" is a previously unopened and unoriented 35 cm. segment of colon surfaced by smooth to slightly scabrous tan-pink serosa with a copious amount of attached mesocolon and omentum. A palpable area of induration is noted.  The omentum overlying the area is focally retracted and subsequently inked orange. The pre-serosal surface in the vicinity of the palpable mass is inked black.. The undesignated margins measure 6.0 and 6.5 cm.  Upon opening, there is a circumferent: ial 10.5 x 9.5 cm. focally necrotic glistening tan-pink tumor mass which is 9 cm. from the larger margin. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 2.4 cm. grossly extending through the muscularis to within 0.15 cm. of the inked pre-serosal surface (block 4) and adherent omentum (see blocks #2 and 3). A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. A pedunculated 1.2 x 0.8 x 0.6 cm. tan pink-red polyp is present within 2 cm. of the margin of the tumor mass (between the tumor mass and the larger circumference margin).  The remaining mucosa  unremarkable glistening tan-pink with regular folds and the wall averages 0.7 cm. A single shallow diverticulum is also identified.  Several soft to slightly rubbery mucoid-appearing tan-white tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.3 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon. Representative sections are submitted in fifteen (15) blocks as labeled:` BLOck suMMARy: #1 - Undesignated margins (smaller circumference margin inked blue larger, circumference margin closest to tumor inked green); 2,3  tumor to inked indurated omentum; 4 - tumor to inked free radial serosal surface; 5 central tumor; - tumor to normal mucosa; 7,8 - bisected polyp (1/2 per cassette); 9,10 - random from remainder of specimen; 11 - eight (8) whole lymph nodes; 12,13 - seven (7) whole lymph nodes per cassette; 14 six (6) whole lymph nodes; 15 - one (1) bisected lymph node.

--- Page 2 ---
B. Received in formalin labeled "appendix" is a 5.0 x 0.7 cm. gross unremarkable appendix.  The specimen is sectioned to show an intact wall. discrete gross lesions are identified. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted in one cassette with the proximal end inked blue. RS-1. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type:. Mucinous adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated.. Primary tumor (pT):. Tumor invades completely through the wall of the colon into the omental fat (pT4b).. Proximal margin:.  Negative. Distal margin: Negative. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative. Vascular invasion: Negative. Regional lymph nodes (pN): 2 of 30 mesenteric lymph nodes contain metastatic mucinous adenocarcinoma (pN1b). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:. Absent. Distant metastasis (pM): pMx Other findings: Adenomatous polyp..  Appendix with appendiceal lymph node without significant histopatholgic findings. 5, 1 N DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, subtotal colectomy: Invasive moderately differentiated mucinous adenocarcinoma extending through the wall of the colon into the omental fat. Proximal, distal and radial margins of resection are free of tumor. Two of 30 mesenteric lymph nodes contain metastatic mucinous adenocarcinoma (2/30). Adenomatous polyp. B. Appendix, appendectomy: No significant histopathologic findings.. Periappendiceal lymph node without significant pathologic findings. - End Of Report