
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-2670 SPECIMEN A. Sigmoid colon B. Appendix CLINICAL NOTES PRE-op DiAgnosis: Diverticulitis, carcinoma sigmoid colon, small. walled-off perforation.. GROSS DESCRIPTION A.  Received fresh, subsequently fixed in formalin. labeled "sigmoid colon" is a 21 cm. long portion of colon which is stapled at one end (inked blue) and opened at the opposite end (inked black). The serosa of the specimen is pink-tan smooth glistening and predominantly covered with abundant yellow lobular fat. The specimen shows a 4.5 x 3.5 x 0.7 cm. portion of fibrous tissue which is slightly hemorrhagic and shows multiple adhesions. This is located 6.5 cm. from the inked luminal margin (inked blue). The specimen is opened to show a pink-tan smooth glistening mucosa with normal folds having a 4.7 x 2.7 x 0.5 cm. tumor which is centrally located. The cut surface of the tumor shows invasion into the muscularis propria and into the fat, coming within 11 cm. of the radial margin. The mucosa is pink-tan smooth glistening with normal to slightly dilated folds having an average circumference of 6.0 cm. The remainder of the specimen is sectioned to show a few diverticula grossly identified. This is located adjacent to the tumor. No perforations are grossly identified in the area of the adhesions. Lymph nodes are grossly identified in the fat. Representative. sections of the specimen are submitted as follows:. BLOck suMMARy: 1 - representative luminal margins; 2 - possible representative diverticula; 3 and 4 - representative section of hemorrhagic adhesions and possible walled off perforation; 5-7 representative section of tumor including tumor to normal and tumor to fat; 8 - representative radial margin; 9 - 9 possible lymph GROSS DESCRIPTION nodes; 10 9 possible lymph nodes; 11 - 3 possible lymph nodes. RS-11 Please note specimen was submitted for tissue procurement. B. Appendix specimen consist of a 6.0 x 0.7 cm. grossly. unremarkable appendix which is partially covered in pink. tan smooth glistening serosa and yellow lobular fat. The specimen is sectioned to show an intact wall an average thickness of 0.3 cm. The specimen lumen ranges from pinpoint to 0.3 cm. partially filled with green feces. No discrete gross lesions are identified. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted in one cassette with the proximal endings. RS1.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Microscopic sections reveal the presence of an area of. granulation tissue with foreign body reaction present in. the serosal fat. This is immediately adjacent the invasive carcinoma. It may represent reaction to ruptured acute. diverticulitis. There is no residual diverticulum present to substantiate that source. Alternately, the changes might be. secondary to perforation of the carcinoma into the free serosal Surface. Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma.. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated.. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the wall of the colon into the serosal fat (pr3).. Proximal margin: Negative. Distal margin: Negative. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative.. Vascular invasion: Negative. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Regional lymph nodes (pN): 22 mesenteric lymph nodes are free of. metastatic carcinoma (0/22) (pN0). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Absent.. Distant metastasis (pm): Can not be assessed (pmx).. Other findings: Old abscess site, serosal fat (see above). Appendix. without significant histopathologic finding.. 5, 1 DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, sigmoid, segmental resection: Invasive moderately differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma extending into the serosal fat.. Proximal, distal and radial margins of resection are free of tumor. 22 mesenteric lymph nodes negative for metastatic carcinoma (0/22). Pericolonic focus of foreign body reaction,. granulation tissue and chronic inflammation (see microscopic description). B. Appendix, incidental appendectomy:. No significant histopathologic findings.