
--- Page 1 ---
CGA-A6-3810 SPECIMEN A. Sigmoid colon - stitch on distal and staple line at proximal end B. Proximal margin of sigmoid colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOsIS: Left colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION A. The specimen is received unfixed, labeled "sigmoid. colon", and consists of a segment of large bowel, measuring 20 cm. in length and 2.8 cm. in diameter. There is abundant pericolonic fat and the entire specimen is up to 10 cm. in diameter. There is a suture at the open end of the specimen, the opposite end is stapled. There is an area of narrowing where an appendix. epiploica is adherent to the serosal surface of the colon. This area is 6 cm. from the open end. The bowel is opened with a single incision on the antimesenteric surface. There is a napkin ring- like fungating mucosal tumor, measuring 6 cm. in length and 1.2 cm. in depth. The tumor is circumferential. It is 6 cm. from the distal margin of resection and approximately 1l cm. from the proximal margin. Sections after fixation and clearing. A portion of the specimen is taken for research purposes. The fat is dissected off the colon and there is an area that probably represents pericolonic abscess immediately adjacent to the tumor. This area might be. associated with diverticulum. MLM:men Block summary: 1, 2 margins of resection; 3 - 7 tumor; A. 10-22. pericolonic lymph nodes. B. The specimen is received unfixed labeled "proximal. margin of sigmoid colon" and consists of a piece of white. and yellow soft tissue with stapes in it. The specimen measures 4 1 x 0.4 cm. RS-1.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A. Tumor type: Colonic adenocarcinoma. Tumor grade: 2 out of 3 Tumor size: 6 cm Distance to nearest margin: 6 cm Level of penetration: Carcinoma penetrates into pericolonic fat. Margins of resection: Negative for malignancy Vascular invasion: Absent Host response: Marked acute and chronic inflammation. One area resembles a diverticulum with pericolonic abscess, diverticulum destruction and carcinoma (block A7) Attached lymph nodes: There is no evidence of malignancy in any of 30 lymph nodes. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:. Absent pTNM Stage: T3 NO B.  Negative for malignancy 5, 3 DIAGNOSIS A. Sigmoid colon, segmental resection: Moderately differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma Note: Carcinoma invades through the muscularis propria into pericolonic soft tissue. There is no evidence of malignancy in any of 30 pericolonic lymph nodes. B.  Sigmoid colon, proximal margin, biopsy: Negative for malignancy