
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-3809 SPECIMEN Extended right hemicolectiomy - subtotal colectomy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-op DIAGnosI: Carcinoma transverse colon GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh in a container labeled "extended right hemicolectomy - subtotal colectomy" is a segment of bowel consisting of 6 cm. of terminal ileum with 50 cm of contiguous colon. There is a 30 x 11 x 1 cm. portion of omentum which is adherent to the outer aspect of the colon wall over an area 6 x 5 cm, with induration of the omentum in that area. The serosal surface of the bowel away from where the omentum is attached is glistening and tan-pink. No appendix is present with the specimen. The bowel is opened. The small bowel averages 4.5 cm. in circumference and the colon averages 8.5 cm. in circumference. The mucosa of the small bowel is tan-pink, smooth, and glistening, with a normal pattern of folds. There are no focal lesions in the small bowel. The colon is notable for a circumferential mass, with the bowel 12 cm. in circumference in this region, with this mass 9 cm. long and maximally 1.2 cm. thick. Sectioning through the mass reveals the tumor to invade through the bowel wall into fat in the region with adherent omentum noted above, appearing to involve the omentum. The tumor comes very near to, but does not clearly reach, the outer margin. The tumor is 24 cm. from the distal resection margin. The remainder of the colonic mucosa is tan-pink with edematous folds, with additional polyps up to 0.3 cm. in greatest dimension. Thee adipose tissue is dissected, and there are multiple soft tan lymph nodes identified. Rs-12, following fixation. BLOck suMMARy: 1 - proximal and distal resection margins; 2 -- ileocecal valve; 3 - mucosa away from mass, including polyps; 4-7 - tumor, including relationship to omentum; 8-12 - lymph nodes. GROSS DESCRIPTION

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION The following template summarizes the findings in this case: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma, with some features of mucinous adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated Primary tumor (pT): Adenocarcinoma invades through the full thickness of the bowel wall into the surrounding adipose tissue. grossly this appeared to be into omentum, it is favored this is. pT4. Proximal margin: Negative Distal margin: Negative Circumferential (radial) margin: Tumor is not at the outer surface of the specimen, but is <l mm from the outer surface where the. omentum is adherent. Clinical correlation is recommended regarding whether this is radial margin or a free surface. Distance of tumor from closest margin: See above Vascular invasion: Not definitively identified Regional lymph nodes (pN): pN0. Twenty-four lymph nodes are identified and they are negative for malignancy. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: I  Not identified Distant metastasis (pM): pMX Other findings: There is prominent necrosis in areas of the tumor. There is a separate adenomatous polyp. Note: This case has been discussed with DIAGNOSIS Terminal ileum and extended right hemicolectomy-subtotal colectomy, excision - Moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, with some features of mucinous adenocarcinoma, invading throught the full thickness of. colonic wall and into surrounding adipose tissue and adherent omentum (see microscopic description). Proximal and distal resection margins negative for malignancy, with tumor <1 mm from outer surface of specimen (see microscopic description). Twenty-four lymph nodes negative for malignancy. End Of Report