
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:66FB3AA3-97C6-40C6-8A73-D7FE4EFF5FCF TCGA-UZ-A9P3-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Patient Name Accession #: Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date: DOb: Sex: Male Received: Soc. Sec. #: Location: Client: Physician(s): Final Pathologic Diagnosis Right kidney, partial nephrectomy: 1. Renal cell carcinoma , papillary type, Fuhrman grade I, 2.5 cm; see comment.. 2. No tumor at inked resection margin. Comment: Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment -Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type 1. -Grade: Fuhrman grading for RCC: 1: Small nuclei, minute or absent nucleoli. -Maximum tumor diameter: The largest dimension of the tumor submitted to pathology was 2.5 cm,. however, by report the tumor measured 3.1 cm. ICD03 -Site within kidney: upper pole -Renal pelvis: Not present. -Ureter: Not present. NraQ cIQ 8260/3 -Renal sinus: Not present. R Kedney NbS C64.9 -Hilar renal veins: Not present. Sute e -Intrarenal veins and lymphatics: Normal, no tumor. eYj 3|30)i4 -Adrenal gland: Not present. -Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor does not penetrate capsule. -Hilar lymph nodes (number positive/number of nodes): No lymph nodes identified.. -Resection margins: No tumor. -Proximity to nearest margin: 0.4 cm from kidney resection margin; >lcm from perinephric adipose tissue margin. -Stage: pTlaNXMX. Dr. has reviewed the case and agrees with the diagnosis of papillary renal cell carcinoma.. Specimen(s) Received A:Right renal mass Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Clinical History The patient is a  year-old male with a 3.1 cm right renal mass, who undergoes right partial nephrectomy. Gross Description The specimen is received fresh, labeled with the patient's name and medical record number, and consists of a partial nephrectomy specimen, which has pulled away, intraoperatively, from the main tumor mass. The specimen weighs 70 gm and consists of tan kidney parenchyma with a small amount of white-yellow, friable tumor. This portion of the specimen measures 1.9 x l.3 x 2.3 cm. Additionally, there is a separate fragment of tumor of the same quality which measures approximately 2.5 cm in diameter. There is also detached perinephric fat, measuring 9.5 x 5.5 x 2.0 cm. It has a portion of capsule, which is indicated by the surgeon to have been adjacent to the tumor. This portion which was adjacent to the tumor is inked in green. The tumor is O.4 cm from the deep inked resection margin which is inked black. Sectioning through the perinephric fat reveals no candidate lymph nodes. Sections are submitted as follows: Cassette Al: Tumor approaching resection margin. Cassettes A2-A3: Representative sections of tumor. Cassette A4: Representative sections of capsule. Cassette A5: Uninvolved kidney. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slides. athology Resident Pathologist Electronically signed out on  hif4|4 QUALIFTEC DISQUALIFIED Page 2 of 2