
--- Page 1 ---
ICDO PreuomD, srstheleeQ NOS 8120k3 H UUID:E5DA265D-FBA6-4EA0-9383-96C365A9679A 6120(3 D8073 TCGA-4Z-AA82-01A-PR Redacted Csetitehyhet 812013 COCE C67.4 Blsolole NoS. Collect date: CT79 (MM/DD/YYYY) yJ 3(!8f14 PATHOLOGY REPORT: PRIMARY SITE: Bladder "Bladder + prostate + seminal vesicles": Pw TSS, Sfuomour diffeuntrttn= 3O?c . Invasive urothelial carcinoma of high-grade with foci of squamous differentiation . Size of neoplasm: 4.3 x 2.7 x 1.8 cm  Depth of infiltration: up to detrusor muscle . Sanguineous vascular invasion: not detected . Lymphatic vascular invasion: not detected . Perineural invasion: present . Prostate, seminal vesicles, vas deferens, right and left ureteral margins and urethral margin: free of tumor "Right pelvic lymph nodes": . 11 lymph nodes were dissected, one of which is compromised by neoplasia (1/11) without capsular transposition "Left pelvic lymph nodes": . 8 nodes were dissected, all free of tumor (0/8) 2|104

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form Instructions: The TcGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the puthologic diagnosis documented on the initial pathology report for a cuse submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case.. TSS Identifier...  TSs Unique Patient Identifier:. Tissue Source Site (TSS): Completed Date: Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): Diagnosis Information Entry Alternatives Working Instructions Data Element Provide the diagnosis/ histologic subtype(s) documented on Pathologic Diagnosis Invasive urothelial carcinoma of high grade with the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. Provided on Initial Pathology Report' foci of squaious differentiation Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case  Histologic features of  High grade urothelial carcinoma with 30% of Quality Control Form completed for this case.  the sample provided squamous differentiation  for TCGA, as reflected on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial Provide the reason for  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the the discrepancy diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form. between the pathology Case reviewed by based on  report and the TCGA top slide image sent from BCR. Case Quality Control Form.  Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case Name of TSS Reviewing for TCGA. Pathologist or Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above informution provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. Date Tss Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above inforimation provided by my institution is true und correct und has been quulity controlled. The Attending Puthologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diognoses. Principal Investieator Signaturee Date