
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:CD826C0A-8057-4BD6-A79A-51277F0E09A7 TCGA-TQ-A7RW-01A-PR Redacted ID-o 3 $382/3 path0 Nature of material: Brain 94s6/3 Biopsy: Q71.t rsiv NoS Macroscopy C7i.9 QO 16/4|3 Pyramidal portion of brain brain containing spins, measuring 5.0 x 4.5 x 2.7 cm. Cortical surface is brownish, bright, with blood vessels congested. Surgical margins had congested areas. The surface is white, not observing the boundaries between different substances and cortical gray subcortical white. Microscopy Histological sections stained with h & e sections showing brain parenchymal viewing neoplasia glial hypercellular, atypical cells incorporated in the nucleus the oval rounded, chromatin coarse. Neoplastic cells arrange up fashion and diffuse infiltrate the normal brain parenchyma, involving neurons. Sattelitosis peri-neuronal structures and secondary in cortex, featured in cell aggregation perivascular. There conspicuous network slender pots and branched standard "chicken wire". Analyzed there was in an average 1figure of mitosis every 10 fields. It was not not observed necrosis or areas of endothelial proliferation microvascular. The immunohistochemistry was intense neoplasms in positive for anti-gfap and s100 protein. Ki-67 was 6%. Diagnosis: - Oligodendroglioma, grade II Notes - It was not found clear criteria for anaplastic oligodendroglioma diagnosis PROFESSIONAL PARTICIPANTS OF REPORT Pu TSS,dx disoupucq frm Shtu Te6A tnr to oligo artro uytoma, qud IF.  8/33

--- Page 2 ---
TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form 4.05  Study Subject ID: Person ID: N/A!  study/Site: TCGA Brain lower grade glioma- (Brain Lower Grade Glioma)  Age: N/A  Event: PathDiscrepancye Date of Birth: :Interviewer:.  Sex: M Tumor Identifier Provided on Initial Case Quality Control.  Provide the tumor identifier documented on the initial case quality control form for. Form this case.  Pathologic Diagnosis Provided on Oligodendroglioma Provide the diagnosis/ histologic subtype(s) documented on the initial pathology report for this Initial Pathology Report grade II case. If the histology for this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. Histologic features of the sample provided for TCGA,.  Oligoastrocytoma Provide the histologic features selected on the TcGA Case Quality Controle as reflected on the CQcF grade II Form completed for this case. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form Provide the reason for the wrotte in TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on discrepancy between the Discrepancy Form: "This case was iniatially seen by other. the initial pathology report for this case is not pathology report and the TcGA pathologyst. Even though is quite subjective, in my opinion, there consistent with the diagnosis selected on the TCGA. Case Quality Control Form is an astrocytic component (p53+ at IHC)". Case Quality Control Form. Name of Tss Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository.  Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case for. Director TCGA.