
--- Page 1 ---
IcD-o-3 0 854/3 UUID:BB85F844-C710-41D5-8620-E246DC9D2C6A TCGA-A7-A6VY-01A-PR Redacted c50.9 sJ z/25|L3 Final Surgical Pathology Report Procedure: Diagnosis  Right breast, excisional biopsy: Infiltrating ductal carcinoma, grade 3, 3.5 cm in greatest dimension. Invasive carcinoma 1 mm from posterior margin of resection. Ductal carcinoma in situ, solid subtype, nuclear grade 3, accounting for less than 5% of the tumor, margins uninvolved. B. Right axillary contents, resection: Metastatic carcinoma in 2 of 14 lymph nodes, size of largest metastasis 3.4 cm, extracapsular extension present (2/14).. Microscopic Description: Microscopic examination performed. A.  Invasive Carcinoma: present Histologic type: infiltrating ductal cancer Histologic grade: Overall grade: 3 Architectural score: Nuclear score: 3 Mitotic score:. Greatest dimension (pT): 3.5 cm, pT2 Specimen margins:  negative but close, 1 mm from the posterior margin (black in block A6) Vessel invasion: not identified Ductal carcinoma in situ: present Histologic pattern:.  solid Nuclear grade: 3 Central Necrosis: focal % Dcis of total tumor (if mixed): < 5% Extensive intraductal component (present/absent): absent Specimen margins: negative, 3 mm from posterior Calcification: not identified B. Sections of the axillary dissection demonstrate metastatic. carcinoma in 2 of 14 lymph nodes, (pNl). The size of largest. metastasis is 3.4 cm. Extracapsular extension is present.. Specimen A. Right breast mass B. Right axillary contents. Clinical Information. Right breast cancer -year-old black female with right cancer and positive nodes Gross Description Received fresh in a transpec container, subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "right breast mass" is a 6.0 x 5.5 x 4.5 cm yellow pink fatty tissue fragment which has a short suture designating superior and a long suture designating anterior. The margins are inked as follows based upon the orienting sutures: superior - orange; anterior - blue; The specimen is serially

--- Page 2 ---
sectioned from medial to lateral. There is a 3.5 x 3.2 x 2.5 cm ill circumscribed white tan mass centrally located, and within 0.2 cm of the closest margin (deep). White rice-like pellets or gross identified. in the central which we be grossly consistent with a nrevious biopsy site. The specimen is received in pathology it nd fixed in. formalin and  Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as rosiows: 1 - medial margin perpendicular, 2 - lateral margin perpendicular. of the specimen.. B. Received fresh and subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "right tissue grossly consistent with axillary contents. The specimen has a suture designating superior. Multiple lymph nodes are palpated the largest measuring 3.4 cm and located midway through the specimen. The. highest is markedly indurated as is the largest lymph node. The lymph. nodes are submitted from highest to lowest as follows: 1 -lymph node. bisected, 2 - 3 possible lymph nodes, 3 -  4 - 3 possible lymph nodes each, 5 - representative section of largest positive lymph node,/1 possible lymph node bisected, 7 - 2 possible lymph nodes, 8 - 1 possible lymph node..