
--- Page 1 ---
Clinical Diagnosis & History year old male with history of painless gross hematuria,US showing right renal mass. Specimens Submitted: 1:SP:Kidney and adrenal,right nephrectomy 2:SP:Lymph nodes,paracaval and interaortocaval; excision DIAGNOSIS: 1.SP:Kidney and adrenal, right;nephrectomy Tumor Type Renal cell carcinoma-Chromophobe type eosinophilic variant Tumor Size: Greatest diameter is 8.5 cm. Local Invasion (for renal cortical types): Involves renal sinus fat Renal Vein Invasion: Not identified Small vessel angiolymphatic invasion also not identified Surgical Margins: Free of tumor Non-Neoplastic Kidney: No significant pathologic changes Adrenal Gland: Not involved LymphNodes: Not identified Staging for renal cell carcinoma/oncocytoma pT3a Tumor invades the adrenal gland or perinephric tissues but not beyond Gerota's fascia Comment: Immunostains for CK7,CD10 and MiB-1 support the above interpretation. 2.SP:Lymph nodes,paracaval and interaortocaval;excision Lymph Nodes: Not involved Number of nodes examined:15 Page 1 of3

--- Page 2 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT IATTEST THAT THE ABOVE DIAGNOSIS IS BASED UPON MY PERSONAL EXAMINATION OF THE SLIDES (AND/OR OTHER MATERIAL).AND THAT I HAVE REVIEWEDAND APPROVED THISREPORT. Special Studies: Result Special Stain Comment CK7 MIB-1Ki-67 CD10 RECUT RECUT RECUT NEG CONT IMM RECUT Gross Description: 1).The specimen is received fresh labeled "right kidney and adrenal" and consists of a kidney with attached ureter,renal vessels and perinephric fat weighing 1005 g in total.The kidney measures 15 x 10.5 x 6.5 cm.The attached ureter measures 9.2 cm in length and 0.5 cm in diameter. The attached renal vein measures 1.1 cm in length and 1.4 cm in diameter. The renal vessels and ureter margins are grossly unremarkable.An adrenal gland is identified,measuring 5.5 x 0.8 x 0.5 cm.The kidney is inked black and bivalved to reveal a cortical, lobulated brown-tan mass measuring 8.5 x 8.5 x 5.5 cm located in the superior pole at the center of the mass there is a white fibrous scar measuring 4.5 cm in greatest dimension.The mass does not appear to invade into the perirenal fat. The mass impinges on the pelvic system but does not appear to grossly involve it.Sections through the remainder of the kidney reveal a pink brown parenchyma,with a well-defined corticomedullary junction.The cortex measures 1.5 cm in largest dimension and the calyces appear normal. No lymph nodes are identified in the perinephric fat. The specimen is photographed. Representative sections are submitted for TPS and for permanent sections. Summary of sections: UVM--ureteral and vessel margins Ttumor THF-- tumor with hilar fat TSF--tumor with sinus fat TK--tumor with adjacent kidney TRP -- tumor with renal pelvis TPF-tumor with peri-renal fat K- representative sections kidney AD-adrenal gland 2).The specimen is received in formalin, labeled Paracaval interaortocaval lymph nodes' and consists of multiple pink and red tan lymph nodes ranging in size from 0.2 to 1.9 cm which are entirely submitted summary of sections: LN-lymph nodes submitted: BLN-bisected largest node Summary of Sections Part 1:SP:Kidney and adrenal, right; nephrectomy Page 2 of3 Page 3of3 ENDOF REPORT