
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA- B3-- 4104 SPECIMEN Right kidney, right ureter, bladder cuff CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Right renal mass GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh for tissue procurement labeled "right kidney, ureter and bladder cuff" is a 513 gram, 11.5 x 7.0 x 4.0 cm. right kidney with attached, probe patent, 20 cm. ureter measuring up to 0.8 cm. in diameter with a scant amount of apparent bladder wall at the distal end (see distal margin block 1). A moderate amount of perirenal adipose tissue is present. No adrenal gland is identified superiorly. The renal capsule is delicate and strips with relative ease from the underlying cortical surface. On opening, the pelvis is dilated, granular tan pink-red and contains a superiorly located, 4.0 x 3.5 cm. papillary white pink lesion. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal parenchyma are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 2 cm. and is within 0.9 cm. of the anterior inked capsular surface. No vascular invasion is identified grossly. The parenchyma is uniform red-brown with multiple cortical cysts, a well-defined corticomedullary junction and a maximal cortical thickness of 1.3 cm. The ureter is received with a stent in place and on opening the mucosa ranges from smooth and unremarkable white pink to slightly bosselated tan pink-red. No discrete mass lesion is identified. Representative sections are submitted in 15 blocks as labeled. Rs-15.. BLOcK suMMARy: 1 - Vascular and uretera1 margins; 2-5 - renal pelvis tumor including inked capsular surface; 6, 7 - additional sections of tumor to adjacent parenchyma; 8, 9 - random pelvis; 10-12 - random parenchyma including cortical cysts; 13  - proximal ureter; 14 - mid ureter; 15 - distal ureter.

--- Page 2 ---
GROSS DESCRIPTION MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Papillary urothelial cell carcinoma Histologic grade: High grade. Associated epithelial lesions:. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor has invaded through the muscularis propria of the renal pelvis (pT2).. Margins of resection: . Distal ureteral margin of resection free of tumor. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Cannot be assessed (pNx). Distant metastasis (pm): Cannot be assessed (pmx). Vascular invasion:. Negative. Other findings: Benign cortical cysts. Arteriolar nephrosclerosis. 4 DIAGNOSIS Kidney, right nephroureterectomy:. High grade papillary urothelial cell carcinoma of the renal pelvis extending through the muscularis propria of the pelvis. Distal ureteral margin of resection is free of tumor. Associated carcinoma in situ.. Benign cortical cysts.. Arteriolar nephrosclerosis. --- End Of Report ---