
--- Page 1 ---
Received Date/Time Final Reporting Information Date/Time : Final Updated Histopathologist : Laboratory : DIAGNOSIS (AFS) 'Left submandibular mass': Poorly preserved tumour involving fibrofatty connective tissue. The immunomorphologic features. are consistent with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.. (B) Left submandibular gland: (i) Involvement of fibrofatty connective tissue and lymph node by diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.. (ii) Mild chronic sialadenitis; no malignancy. seen. (iii) Fragment of normal thymus. FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS (AFs) Left submandibular gland:. Gland is infiltrated by undifferentiated tumour.. lymphoma to be defined. GROSS DESCRIPTION (AFs) Received fresh is a tissue mass measuring 3 x 2.5 x lcm which is serially cut into 4 pieces, two of which are snap-frozen for storage and the remainder fixed in formalin for histological sampling.. (Alfs; no reserve) (B) Received in formalin is a specimen labelled with patient's data and designated "left submandibular gland". It consists of a submandibular gland and 3 additional irregular pieces of tissue. The submandibular gland measures 4.8 x 3.4 x 2cm. The 3 pieces of tissue measure 2.5 x 1.5 x 0.5cm, 2 x 1 x 0.5cm and 1 x 1.5 x .0.7cm respectively. The external surface of the submandibular gland is inked orange. Cut sections of the submandibular gland show normal appearance. No solid nodules are visible grossly. Some whitish nodular ill-defined areas are present in' the smaller pieces.. (B1 to B4-rer resentative sec ions of the salivary gland, B5 & B6-remaining 3 pieces) MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION (AFs) Paraffin section of the frozen section specimen confirms fibrofatty connective tissue infiltrated by malignant tumour. Unfortunately in most areas, there is suboptimal preservation and many cells also show individual necrosis. There are numerous degenerate cells with presence of scattered pyknotic nuclear debris and interspersed macrophages. There is also diathermy and traumatic crush artefact. In areas where cells are better preserved, they appear to form sheets, and have enlarged pleomorphic vesicular nuclei, many containing prominent central nucleoli. No gland formation is seen.. (B) Submandibular gland examined shows patchy mild chronic inflammation only. The separately received smaller specimens comprise fibrofatty connective tissue and residual lymph node infiltrated by sheets of tumour cells of similar appearance to that described for. Immunostains demonstrate lesional cells to be positive with cDi0, bcl-6, muM-1 and CD20. Cyclin Dl, TdT, bcl2, AEl/3 and Sl00 are negatiye. CD3 highlights interspersed small T-lymphocytes. MIBl is positive in approximately 90% of the tumour population. No dendritic meshworks are identified. Also represented is separate normal thymic tissue.. (For your attention).