
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN Right colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: :  Right colon cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh, labeled "right colon" is a previously. unopened, 23 cm. segment of proximal right colon with. attached 8 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to scabrous tan-pink serosa with a moderate amount of attached mesocolon, mesentery and unremarkable omentum. On opening, there is a well-circumscribed, 6.5 x 4.4 cm. centrally necrotic white pink-red. tumor mass 3 cm. distal to the ileocecal valve. On sectioning, the. lesion has a maximal thickness of 1.2 cm., grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.4 cm.  of the inked free radial serosal surface. Two additional mucosal polyps averaging 0.5 cm. are present within the colon, 7.5 cm. proximal and 9 cm. distal to the. tumor. The remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable, glistening. tan-pink with regular folds and the wall averages 0.4 cm in thickness. The ileal mucosa is unremarkable glistening tan pink with regular folds and the wall averages 0.4 cm. in thickness. The appendix is not present. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. Several. soft tan-pink tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 0.9 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. Representative sections are submitted in. 12 blocks as labeled. Rs-12. BLOck suMmARy: 1 - Proximal and distal margins; 2, 3 - tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface; 4 - central tumor; 5  tumor to normal mucosa; 6 - colonic polyp; 7 - Icv; 8 - random colon and ileum; 9-11 - six ole lymph nodes per cassette; 12 - five whole lymph nodes. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type:  Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Moderately to poorly differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the muscularis propria focally into the pericolonic fat (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative for tumor. Distal margin: Negative for tumor. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor

--- Page 2 ---
Distance of tumor from closest margin: 11 cm. from proximal margin (ileum) Vascular invasion: Lymphatic space invasion is identified, best seen in slide 4, no venous or arterial space invasion is identified Regional lymph nodes (pN): 25 lymph nodes are dissected from the specimen, they were all negative for metastatic tumor (pN0) Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot evaluate pMx Other findings: Approximately 30% of the tumor has mucinous differentiation and is seen in blocks 4 and 5.  The most deeply invasive portion of the tumor is not mucinous and is poorly differentiated and seen in blocks 2 and 3. The ileocecal valve is. unremarkable. No appendix is identified. An additional tubular adenoma is noted in block 6. 5x1, 3260F DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, right, segmental resection:. Invasive adenocarcinoma, moderately to poorly differentiated, invasive into pericolonic fat (pT3) Lymphovascular space invasion present. 25 lymph nodes are negative for metastatic tumor (pN0). Additional adenomatous polyp..  End Of Report