
--- Page 1 ---
DIAGNOSIS DIAGNOSIS: Kidney, right, radical nephrectomy:. "Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type (type il), grade 3 (Fuhrman), 2 cm in greatest dknension involving the lower pole, confined to the kkiney,. and without invasion of perirenal fat or renal sinus fat. Ureter, renal artery, and renal vein at surgical margin negative for malignancy. Negative for Iymphatic space invasion. Non-neoplastic renal parenchyma shows mild arterionephrosclerosis. No lymph nodes or adrenal gland present. AJCC cancer dlassification: T1aNxMX. AF .RANSLSKSCLNICALINFORMATION.. CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Dlagnosis: Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: Right kidney : SPECIMEN.DATA GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received in a single fornatin filled container labeled with the patient's name. right kidney' and consists of a right nephrectomy specamen with attached Gerota's fascia and perinephric fat having overail dimensions of 17.0 x 8.5 x 6.5 cn. Extending from the hilum is a 4.0 cm in length by 0.4 cm in diameter segment of ureter with adjacent segnents of vascylature. The specimen is inked. The capsule strips with ease to reveal an 8.5 x 6.0 x 4.5 cm kidney. The kidney is bivalved to reveal a 2.0 x 1.9 x 1.9 cm yellow tan hemorrhagic, variegated mass arising. from the lower pole. This mass approaches to within 3.5 cm of the ureteral margin, 2.0 an of the renal vein margin and 1.0 cm of the inked soft tissue. margin. Additionally, this mass abuts, but does not grossly invoive the urothehium..  The calices and renal petvis are lined by pink tan striated urothelium with no additional lesions. The cortex is red brown with distinct cortical medullary junction and non-blunted renal papilla. No adtenal giand or ailar lymph nodes are identified. Representative sections are submitted in five cassettes labeled  designated as follows: 1-ureteral and. vasculature margins, en-face; 2-mked soft tissue margin, perpendkular; 3-mass to renal parenchyma and sinus fat;. emaind'or of mass: 5 uninvolved parenchyma. Additionally, a yellow and green cassette are submitted for genomic research each labeled. An additional section vein suhmtted in cassette 6 labeled.