
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN A. Descending colon B. Liver biopsy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-Op DiAgnosis: Descending colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION A.  Received fresh, subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "descending colon" is a 21 cm long portion of colon which has a. portion of omentum attached. The omentum is 25 x 13 x 4 cm.. The omentum is sectioned and palpated to show no discrete gross lesions identified. The ends of the specimen are opened and are arbitrarily inked blue and black.  No orientation of the specimen is given. The spe cimen  is partially covered with pink-tan smooth glistening serosa and abundant yellow lobular fat. The specimen shows a 2.7 x 2.7 cm exophytic tumor which is equidistance between either end (5.7 cm). The specimen shows otherwise pink-tan smooth glistening mucosa with normal to abundant folds having an average circumference of 6.5 cm. The cut surface of the tumor shows possible invasion into the. muscularis propria, coming within 2 cm of the deep margin. Lymph nodes are grossly identified in the fat. Representative sections of representative luminal margins; block 2 - representative section of omentum; blocks 3,4  - full thickness slices of tumor to radial margin tumor to normal; blocks 6-9 - possible lymph nodes. B. Received fresh, subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "liver biopsy" are multiple red-brown irregular to cylindrical tissue fragments which have an aggregate measurement of. 1.2 x 0.4 ecimens are entirely submitted in one cassette. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A&B: Histologic type: Invasive adenocarcinoma, not otherwise specified. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through muscularis propria in two pericolonic fat (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative for tumor. Distal margin:  Negative for tumor. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor. Distance of tumor from closest margin: 5.7 cm from both proximal and distal margin. Vascular invasion: Not identified. Regional lymph nodes (pN): 21 lymph nodes are all negative for. metastatic tumor (pN0). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified. Distant metastasis (pM): Metastatic carcinoma is identified in the liver core biopsy in specimen B (pml). Other findings: The attached omentum is negative for tumor. The background colonic mucosa was unremarkable. The background hepatic

--- Page 2 ---
parenchyma was fairly unremarkable other than reactive changes to the tumor and some mild steatosis. 5x1, 4x1 DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, descending, segmental resection: Invasive moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, tumor. invades through muscularis propria into pericolonic fat (pT3). Twenty one lymph nodes negative for metastatic tumor (pn0). Resection margins are negative for tumor. Omentum is negative for tumor. core biopsies: Metastatic adenocarcinoma compatible with origin from colonic primary.  End Of Report