
--- Page 1 ---
CGA-AD-5900 QC Pathologist: FINAL PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS Right colon,segmental resection Tumor Characteristics: Histologic type:Adenocarcinoma,with focal mucinous features. Location of tumor: Right colon. Size3.2x2.4x0.5 cm. Grade (lf applicable to tumor type):Low-grade (moderately differentiated) Lymphovascular space invasion:No Perforation of visceral peritoneum:No. Presence of mesenteric deposits:No. Depth of invasion/extent of invasion: Tumor penetrates into superficial muscularis propria. Surgical Margin Status: Proximal margin:Negative by 8.2 cm. Distal margin:Negative by 5.4 cm. Deep radial) margin: N/A tumor does not erupt serosal surface Lymph Node Status: Total number of lymph nodes examined:11. Total number of lymph nodes containing metastatic carcinoma 00/11. Other: 1.Other significant findings: Tumor arises within tubular adenoma with high-grade dysplasia. 2.TNM stage:T2 NO MX. COMMENTS: CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis ascending colon mass;high grade dysplasia Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: Right colon

--- Page 2 ---
GROSSDESCRIPTION: and right Received in one container labeled colon a previously opened right colectomy specimen received for research.The terminal ileum measures 3.5x 1.7 cm in diameter,the cecum and colon together measure 12.1 x6.1 cm in diameter and the attached appendix measures 2.5 x 0.6 cm. The specimen is covered by a moderate amount ot pericolonic adipose tissue.On opening there is a 3.2x2.4 x0.5 cm tan firm raised mass,5.4 cm from the distal margin and 8.2 cm from the proximal margin.On section the lesion has a solid tan cut surface'and is 0.4 cm thick.Grossly it does not pertorate through the wall. The remainder of the lumen is lined by normal appearing tan mucosa.The appendix is grossly uninvolved by lesion. After using the Reveal solution, ten lymph nodes are identified ranging from0.3x0.2 x0.1 cm to 1.5 x 0.9 x 0.6 cm.Representative sections are submitted as follows: 1--proximal margin2--distal margin3-5--representative sections of lesion;6-representative appendix; 7--representative ileocecal valve8--one node sectioned, 9--three whole nodes;10-12--two whole nodes in each cassette.Two cassettes for research labeled