
--- Page 1 ---
1c0-0-3 Carci ons, mutep(asfc,N0s 851 Sife: bress# Nos C50.9  Final Diagnosis A. Breast, right with axillary sentinel lymph nodes, simple mastectomy: Metaplastic carcinoma, matrix-producing type, Nottingham grade III (of III) is identified forming a 2.7 x 2.3 x 1.7 cm mass in the superior/central region adjacent to a 2.8 x 2.2 x 1.5 cm fibrotic/scarred prior lumpectomy site in the upper inner quadrant. Ductal carcinoma in situ, high nuclear grade with necrosis is focally present. . Angiolymphatic invasion is absent. The non-neoplastic breast parenchyma shows proliferative fibrocystic changes. Biopsy site changes present. The tumor does not involve the nipple, overlying skin, or underlying chest wall. All surgical resection margins, including the deep margin, are negative for tumor (minimum tumor free margin, 3.2 cm, anterior/superior margin). Multiple (5) attached right axillary sentinel lymph nodes, all without blue dye, are negative for metastatic carcinoma. Immunohistochemical cytokeratin stain was performed on the paraffin embedded sentinel lymph node tissue and confirms the H&E impression. B. Lymph node, left axillary sentinel No. 1, biopsy: A single left axillary sentinel lymph node is negative for metastatic carcinoma. Blue dye is identified. C. Lymph node, left axillary sentinel No. 2, biopsy: A single left axillary sentinel lymph node is negative for metastatic carcinoma. Blue dye is identified. D. Breast, right lateral skin flap, excision: Portion of skin and subcutaneous tissue without diagnostic abnormality. E. Breast, left, simple mastectomy: Benign breast parenchyma and nipple. Multiple (3) left axillary sentinel lymph nodes (with blue dye) and a single left axillary lymph node (without blue dye) are negative for metastatic carcinoma. F. Breast, left inferior skin flap, excision: Portion of skin and breast parenchyma. Without diagnostic abnormality. G. Breast, left superior skin flap, excision: Portion of skin and breast parenchyma. Without diagnostic abnormality. H. Breast, left lateral skin flap, excision: Portion of skin and breast parenchyma. Without diagnostic abnormality. UUID:C310F4EC-D8B1-45C4-8D55-705A9EE35902 TCGA-AR-A2LR-01A-PR Reda cted