
--- Page 1 ---
Result Typet Surgical Pathology Report D-0 -3 Resuit Dates Cereenrio, ysaplfory Performed By: 80k0J3 Encounter info: nsnal clL Surgical Pathology Report Cle4t J 8/913 Surgical Pathology Report DIAGNOSIS: A. Posterior medial margin: Renal cortical tissue.  Negative for malignancy B. Tuor base $l: Negative for malignancy. c. Tumor base #2: Renal cortical tissue.  Negative for malignancy. D. Left kidney tumor, excision: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type, 2.0 cm in greatest dimension, Fuhrman nuclear grade 1 (of 4) The tumor focally abuts the inked margin.  No invasion of adipose tissue is identified. UUID: 3CFF32CE-20A4-4D1D-B338-8845CF9F86E6 TCGA-SX-A71S-01A-PR Redacted CLINICAL INFORMATION: Left perihilar nass. w.74]13 ite SPECIMEN (S) : A:Posterior medial margin B:Tumor base  C:Tumor bas #2 D:Laft kidney tumor PRELIMINARY INTRAOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Intraonerative Patholoaist(s): rosterior mealas margin, frozen section diagnosis: Negative. B. Tumor bage #l, frozen section diagnosis: Negative. Tumor bass $2. frozen section diagnosis: Negative. D. Left kidney tumor, frozen section diagnosis:  Renal neoplasm. Favor papillary renal cell carcinoma, type l versus less likely wetanephric adanoma. Tumor cells are at ink. GROSS DESCRIPTION: Performed by A. Received fresh labeled and "posterior medial margin" is a.tan portion of tissue, 0.3 x 0.3 x 0.1 cm. A11 B. Received fresh labeled and "tumor base tl" is a tan portion of tissue, 0.4 x.0.3 x 0.2 A11  submitted following frozen section in one cassette labelad -B1. C. Received fresh labeled and "tumox base #2" is a. portion of tissue, 0.4 x 0.2 x 0.Z cm. frozen section in on. cassette labeled Received fresh labeled and rleft kidney tumor" is - spherical nodule, 2.0 cn in greatest dimension. There is a portion of lobulated soft fat that is present on the surface opposite the inked base. The cut surfaca of the nodule has uniform, pale yellow consistencv throughout. All submitted in four cassettes labeled Dl) Frozen section sample; D2-D3) remainder or tuauss ana adjacent fat; D4) mirror image of sanple submitted for r-gearch Support for th. diagnosis in this case may have included the use of innunohistochenistry tests that were develooed and whose performance characteriatirs vere detezmined by They have not been cieared Or approvea oy cnw u.s. Food ana Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary. These tests should not be regarded as investigational or for rasearch. This laboratory is certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of l99s ('cLIA') as qualified to perform high complaxity clinical laboratory testing.