
--- Page 1 ---
Page l of2 UUID:791E29AD-22A6-402E-978C-69407C68748F TCGA-G3-ASSM-01A-PR Redacted Note: If you do not see "END OF PRINTeD REPORT" at the bottom of th  the report you Do not have The Entire Report. Please try prin CONFIDENTIAL SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORt Time Collected Time Reported Order Number Ordering Provider Status Final Relevant Information Location IcD-o-3 OLcursoaraomc..  hepatscelsusar NOS Copied To 8/70/3 Report Patient Name Demographics Site: sLuuer, heeolis, CQQ.D Date of Birth: (for verification purposes) Sex: M tO y1z/13 Surgical pathoLOgy REpOrt *Surgical Pathology Report* Accession Number Collected Date/Time Received Date/Time Pathologist Specimen Description A. Gallbladder B. Hcc tumor left lobe C. Deep margin D. Final margin liver lobe left. Clinical Information Infectious patient:Yes - Hep + Cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma? Diagnosis A. Gallbladder, Cholecystectomy:. Gallbladder with no pathologic abnormality B. Liver, (Left Lobe), Wedge Resection:. Hepatocellular carcinoma, Grade IIl/IV. The tumor measures 2.7 cm in maximal dimension Carcinoma is present at the cauterized/inked parenchymal margin in this specimen (see comment) Yocal small vessel invasion is seen within the tumor itself No perineural invasion identified Cirrhosis of the surrounding liver parenchyma

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 of 2 C. Liver, (Deep Margin), Excision: - Negative for hepatocellular carcinoma.. D. Liver, (Final Margin), Excision: - Negative for hepatocellular carcinoma.. Electronically signed by: Veri fior. Gross Description Received are specimen containers A tn n sll roanisitions and specimen containers are. labelled with the patient's name, The cassettes and Ap identifiers are labelled with the Surgical Number. A. The specimen is designated "Gallbladder". The specimen is received fresh and is. subsequently placed into formalin and consists of a gallbladder that measures 10.0 x 4.0 x 4.0 cm.  Opening the gallbladder reveals approxinately 10 ml of dark green bile. The serosa of the galibladder appears unremarkable as does the mucosal surface.  There are no stones present. A section of mucosa is submitted in cassette Al. B. The specimen is designated "Hcc tumor left lobe". The specimen is received fresh and is subsequently placed into formalin and consists of a piece of liver that weighs 43.8 g and neasures 4.0 x 4.5 x 4.0 cm.  There is a solitary firm, tan nodule present at the inked margin of the specimen and this nodule measures 2.7 x 2.7 x 2.5 cm. The surrounding liver parenchyma is cirrhotic.  Random sections of the tumor are submitted in cassettes B1 toB5.  B6 contains uninvolved cirrhotic liver parenchyma. C. The specimen is designated "Deep margin'. The specimen consists of a small fragment of firm brown tissue that measures 1.0 x 0.8 x 0.2 cm. It is submitted in toto in cassette C1. D. The specimen is designated "Final margin liver lobe left".. The specimen consists of a firm brown friable tissue that measures i.1 x 1.0 x 0.2 cm. This is submitted in toto in cassette Dl. Pathologist Comment Although tumor is present at the inked margin in specimen "b", the final resection margins (specimens "c" and "p") are free of tumor. Accession Number Encounter Number Patient Location - End Of printed repOrt -- mor Ste