
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:9FCBC793-8E7B-4305-895D-42AED82BE061 TCGA-F9-A433-01A-PR Redacted Gross Description: "Left kidney." A 257 gram, 13.5 x 7.5 x 3.0 cm kidney with a small amount of perinephric fat. The renal artery and vein at the margin are grossly unremarkable. The 5.5 cm long ureter is unremarkable at the margin. 4.5 cm from the margin of resection the lumen is partially. obstructed by a bulging 1.5 x 1.0 cm tumor nodule extending from a 5.5 x 4.5 x 3.0 cm lobulated fleshy gray mass located in the lower pole. This mass is grossly confined within the renal capsule but invades. the renal collecting system. No extension into the scant amount of perinephric fat is identified. There is a well delineation of pale kidney tissue surrounded by viable kidney tissue in the upper pole adjacent to the mass. There are two additional simple cysts, one in the upper pole, one in the lower pole up to 0.9 cm. The surrounding kidney tissue is unremarkable. No enlarged lymph nodes are identified. Microscopic Description: Procedure type: Radial nephrectomy Histologic grade (Fuhrman): Grade 4 (with other areas of grade 3) Sarcomatoid features: Present (approximately 10%) Tumor size: 5.5 cm Extent: Directly invades renal sinus fat and renal pelvis 1cs-0:3 icovcmona, Popi1lany, Nenal ecll 83b0|3 Adrenal Gland: Not present in specimen Site: Kidaey, Nos Cl4.9 Angiolymphatic invasion: Absent Margins: All margins free of tumor 10/3/13 Lymph nodes: None present Pathologic stage: pT3 NX MX Non-neoplastic kidney: Multiple cysts with focal calcification. Patchy scarring and chronic pyelonephritis, likely related to tumor effect. Diagnosis Details: Comments: Tumor morphology is unusual and does not fit typical classification schemes. Some areas have papillary growth, others are more solid and infiltrative with irregular, infiltrative borders into the renal parenchyma. Numerous areas are solid with large epithelial cells with granular cytoplasm. Tumor. invades the collecting system which has been associated with more aggressive neoplasm.. Some features raise the possibilty of a translocation-associated carcinoma or possibly a hereditary. syndrome-type carcinoma. Immunostains for cytokeratin 1, P504, pancytokeratin, CD10, p63, and PAx-8 were performed. The tumor cells are positive for PAX-8 and P504. Pancytokeratin stains portions of the tumor strongly (the

--- Page 2 ---
papillary areas) but is negative in other areas. CK7 and CD10 are negative. p63 is negative. This immunostaining pattern is not specific and does not clarify the differential diagnosis further, other than. to confirm that is is a renal cell carcinoma. ADDENDUM REPORT The consultant opinion is that this tumor is best classified as a papillary renal cell carcinoma (type 2), with foci of sarcomatoid and rhaboid change. However, a renal cell carcinoma related to hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell cancer syndrome (HLRcc) cannot be excluded. To exclude this, clinical evaluation for cutaneous leiomyomas and genetic testing (can be performed on peripheral blood) for mutations of the fumarate hydratas gene are suggested. Formatted Path Reports: KIDNEY TISSUE CHECKLIST Specimen type: Nephrectomy Tumor site: Kidney Tumor size: 5.5 x 4.5 x 3 cm Focality: Single - Histologic type: Papillary adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Undifferentiated Tumor extent: Extension to perinephric tissues Lymph nodes: Not specified Lymphatic invasion: Not specified Venous invasion: Not specified Margins: Uninvolved Evidence of neo-adjuvant treatment: Not specified Additional pathologic findings: The tumor cells are positive for PAx-8 and P504. CK7 and CD10 are negative. p63 is negative. Comments: Kidney- left