
--- Page 1 ---
Date Coll: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN A. Subtotal colectomy B. Small bowel mass C. Appendectomy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-op DIAGnosIs: Transverse colon cancer FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS B. Serosal fibrosis, no tumor seen. on, further evaluation on permanent sections GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received fresh in a container labeled "colon" is a segment of colon 23 cm long. The specimen is received open at both ends, which are arbitrarily inked blue and black.  The serosal surface is tan-pink and glistening. There is abundant attached yellow adipose tissue. present, 42 x 5 x 3 cm in greatest dimensions.. The omentum is serially s sectioned, and there are no focal lesions.  The segment of bowel is opened. It averages 6.5 cm in circumference. 5.5 cm fror the black- there tumor mass.  On cut surface, this tumor grossly invades into, and. apparently through, the muscularis propria, into surrounding soft tissues. Although extending near to the serosal surface, tumor does not appear to reach the serosal surface, and is not near the radial margin. is inked. 3.5 cm from the blue-inked margin is a separate 3.5 x 3.3 x 2.7 cm polypoid lesion. There is some black tattooing in this region. On cut surface, the polypoid lesion : the bowel wall. The specimen away from the lesions has a tan-pink glistening mucosa and tan wall. The adipose tissue is dissected,. and multiple tan lymph nodes are identified. Rs-22, following fixation. BLOcK suMMARy: A1,A2 - omentum; A3 - proximal and distal resection margins; A4-A7 - invasive tumor mass, with one lymph node also included in block A7; A8-A16 - entire polypoid lesion; A17-A22 lymph nodes. B. Received fresh in a container labeled "B - small bowel mass" is a portion of tan tissue with mucosa along one surface, 3 x 2 cm, and 0.3 cm deep, compatible with small bowel. On the serosal surface there is a tan-white plaque-like area, 0.8 x 0.5 x 0.1 cm.  A section is submitted for frozen section, including the submitted for permanent sections in three additional blocks. C. Received in formalin in a container labeled "appendix" is a 5.5 cm long x 0.7 cm in diameter appendix. It is grossly unremarkable, with a tan-pink glistening serosal surface, wall, and tan mucosa. There are no focal lesions.. AS-1.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION The following template summarizes the findings in this case: Histologic type:. Adenocarcinoma of the colon in part A, present in. the lesion submitted in blocks A4-A7.. Histologic grade:  Moderately differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): pT3.  Adenocarcinoma invades through the full. thickness of the muscularis propria into surrounding adipose tissue. Proximal margin:  Negative Distal margin:  Negative Circumferential (radial) margin:  Negative Distance of tumor from closest margin: See gross description Vascular invasion: Not definitively identified Regional lymph nodes (pN): pNlb. There is metastatic. adenocarcinoma in two of thirty-three (2/33) lymph nodes. One of the positive lymph nodes is the lymph node immediately subjacent to the tumor submitted in block A7. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:. Not identified Distant metastasis (pM) : pMX Other findings:  The separate polypoid lesion in part A is a. tubulovillous th focal severe dysplasia. Part A is also notable for Part B has serosal fibrosis, without tumor. seen. In pa appendix is without specific diagnostic. abnormalities, with luminal obliteration. Note: This case has been reviewed in Intradepartmental Consultation, with concurrence with the interpretation.. 5,4,1,14 DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, subtotal excision  Moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, invading through the full thickness of the muscularis propria and into the surrounding adipose tissue (pT3, see microscopic. description).  Separate tubulovillous adenoma, with focal severe dysplasia.. Margins negative for malignancy. Metastatic adenocarcinoma in two of thirty-three (2/33) lymph nodes. B. Tissue, small bowel, excision Serosal fibrosis, no tumor seen. C. Appendix, excision  Luminal obliteration, without specific diagnostic. abnormalities. --- End Of Report --