
--- Page 1 ---
ID-O-3 UUID: 29F3D730-2FE0-4490-B09E-22A90A36B9FA CGA-V4-A9EZ-01A-PR Redacted Rpinsle eIl rmieL a77cJ3 C Sub Crus( c69.3 eatk. LvexQ tse1 Ck9 4 Enucleation of the right eye.. Macroscopy: The eyeball measures 23 mm in diameter and the posterior optic nerve segment 10 mm. Tumor specimens have been taken for cryopreservation then the piece has been fixed and included entirely.. Su path dis crpersy fom fyr lpithelioid. ord Spindl ell nato. Microscopy The eyeball presents a tumor with the histological features of an uveal melanoma composed mainly of fusiform cells (70%) with a few epithelioid cells (30%). The. mitotic activity is very low.. The tumor is located at distance of the optic nerve which is free on its entire course. The cut end of the optic nerve and the meningeal sheaths are also free. There is a focal infiltration of the 1/3 inner part of the sclera, without extra-scleral extension. The ciliary body is free of tumor. Conclusion: Uveal melanoma mainly composed of fusiform cells with rare epithelioid cells. Tumor size: 15 mm.. Focal infiltration of the inner third of the sclera without extra-scleral extension. Ciliary body, optic nerve on its entire course and its cut end and meningeal sheaths free of tumor. 1/30/13

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis. documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TCGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case.. Tissue Source Site (TsS): --. TSS Identifier:_  TSS Unique Patient Identifier: _ Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): . Completed Date:  Diagnosis Informatlon Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions  30% epithelioid cells Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s) documented on Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for Provided on Initial this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. 70% spindle cells Pathology Report Histologic features of  Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case 61-90% epithelioid cells Quality Control Form completed for this case. the sample provided for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% spindle cells on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form Provide the reason for Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial the discrepancy The section of the frozen sample used for sending  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form. report and the TCGA where the epithelioid part is predominant. Case Quality Contro! Form. The percentages mentioned on the initial  Pathology Report correspond to an average on the whole embedded sections used for establish the Pathology Report. Name of TSS Reviewing Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case for TCGA. Pathologist or  Biorepository Director I acknowiedge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled.. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or'Biorepository Director Date I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. The Attending Pathologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the ahove discrepancy in diagnoses..  Principal Investigator Signature Date