
--- Page 1 ---
DIAGNOSIS: Left kidney, radical nephrectomy:. Infiltrating renal carcinoma. Tumor Characteristics: .Histologic type: .Papillary (chromophil) renal cell carcinoma, oncocylic variant, with extensive degenerative changes and necrosis. 3.  Macroscopic extent of tumor: Tumor involves perinephric adipose tissue.. 4. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade: 2/4. 5. Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified.. 6. Transcapsular invasion: Tumor focally infiltrates through renal capsule to involve perinephritic adipose tissue. Renal vein invasion: Not Identified. 8. Venacaval invasion: Not resected. 9. Adrenal gland: Not identified. Surgical Margin Status: Soft tissue margins: Negative for tumor.. 2. Ureteral margin: Negative for tumor. Vascular Margins: Negative for tumor.. Lymph Node Status: No lymph nodes identified. Other Significant Findings:. 1.pTNM stage: T3a NX MX, stage III. Staging Sheet

--- Page 2 ---
HARRACLINOALINFORMATIONROOOCRAE CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis: Left renal mass Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings:. SPECIMENS: Left kidney PRNSPECIMENPATARMERONMNRAOORTKSOM GROSS DESCRIPTION:A Received in formalin labeted t. and #1 is a nephrectomy specimen, consisting of a 10.5 x 5.8 x 3.1 cm kidney, with a moderate amount of attached perinephric fat. The specimen has been previously bivalved. There Is a minimal amount of identifiable ureter and a minimal amount. of possible renal vein and artery. The capsule is smooth and tan. The cut surface consists of a 5.2 x 4.5 x 4.1 cm focally cystic tan red to orange mass,. which diffusely involves the adipose tissue, and abuts the inked perinephric fat. The adipose tissue adjacent to the mass has a glistening yellow appearance. The remainder of the cut surface consists of tan pink parenchyma, with a 0.4 cm tan brown cyst. The cortical medullary junction is ill. defined. The urothelium is gray white. No enlarged lymph nodes are identified. The adrenal gland is not present. The specimen is inked, serially sectioned, and representative sections are submitted as labeled: 1-ureterovascular margins; 2 to 4--mass to inked perinephric fat; 5-mass; 6-mass to. uninvolved parenchyma: 7--atistening yellow adipose tissue adjacent to mass; 8--uninvolved parenchyma to include cyst; g--uninvolved parenchyma.. The blg  dso received in the same container are two orange cassettes labeled A and C and a green and yellow cassette labeled pr genomic research study..