
--- Page 1 ---
Date Coll: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN Extended right hemicolectomy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAgnosI: Hepatic flexure carcinoma. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh labeled "extended right hemicolectomy" is a. previously unopened 26 cm. segment of proximal right colon with attached 8 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to slightly. scabrous tan pink serosa with a moderate amount of mesocolon, mesentery, and unremarkable omentum. An unremarkable 3.5 cm. appendix a averaging 0.8 cm diameter is present. A focus of serosal retraction including a portion of omentum is noted at the. distal end of the specimen. The overlying surface is inked blue.. On opening, there is a circumferential, 4.8 x 3.2 cm. tan white tumor located 8 cm. from the distal margin. The tumor has a maximal thickness of 1.5 cm.  grossly extending through the muscularis to within O.1 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface. The tumor appears to extend into the retracted and adherent omentum (see. blocks 2 and 3). A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement as requested.. The proximal and distal margins of the specimen measure 3.7 and 6.6 cm. in circumference respectively. The ileal and remaining colonic mucosa is glistening tan pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.5 . in thickness.  No additional mass lesion or abnormality is identified. A few soft to slightly rubbery pale tan white to tan pink tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.0 cm. in. greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. Representative sections are submitted in 12 blocks as labeled. BLOCk suMMARy: 1 - Proximal and distal margins; 2 and 3 - tumor. extending into associated omentum; 4 - tumor to closest inked free radial serosal surface; 5 - tumor to normal mucosa; 6 - IcB; 7 and 8  random from remainder of colon; 9 - appendix; 10 and 11 - eig whole lymph nodes per cassette; 12 - seven whole lymph nodes. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type:. Adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade:  High-grade (poorly differentiated) Primary tumor (pT): The tumor extends through the full thickness of the wall and through the pericolonic adipose tissue to the serosal surface, pT4a. Proximal margin: Negative for tumor.. Distal margin: Negative for tumor. Circumferential (radial) margin: Tumor extends to within less than. 1 mm of the radial margin. Distance of tumor from closest margin: 8 cm from the distal margin Vascular invasion:  Areas highly suspicious for vascular invasion identified.

--- Page 2 ---
Regional lymph nodes (pN): pN0 (0/25) Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:  Perineural invasion is identified. Distant metastasis (pM) :  pMx Other findings:  Ileocecal valve lipoma. Appendix with fibrous obliteration of the tip. DIAGNOSIS Colon, right, hemicolectomy - Invasive poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma (see tumor characteristics in the microscopic description). mber of lymph nodes to microscopic template. End Of Report