
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN Sigmoid colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAgNOsIS: Sigmoid colon cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh and subsequently fixed in formalin is a partially opened colon which is 24 cm long. One end of the specimen is stapled and inked blue; the opposite end of the specimen is opened and is inked black. No orientation of the specimen is given. No retroperitoneal reflection is grossly identified. There is a suture on the surface of the serosa.. The serosa is pink-tan smooth glistening and the remainder of the specimen is partially covered with abundant yellow lobular fat. The suture is located 7.5 cm from the black inked end. The specimen is. opened to show pink-tan smooth glistening mucosa with normal to abundant folds having an average circumference of 4.5 cm and showing multiple diverticula present. There is also a 2.7 x 2.2 x 0.4 cm tumor which is located 7.5 cm from the black inked end. This is in. the same area as the suture. The cut surface of the tumor shows minimal invasion into the muscularis propria showing no discrete invasion into the fat. No other discrete gross lesions are. identified in the mucosa. No submucosal aphthoses or perforation are grossly identified. Lymph nodes are grossly identified in the. fat. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: Block 1 - representative luminal margins; Blocks 2-4 representative sections of tumor to normal and tumor to fat; Block. representative section of diverticula; Block A6 - nine possible lymph nodes; Block A7 - two possible lymph nodes; Block A8 - nine sible lymph nodes; Block A9 - four possible lymph nodes. Rs-9.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade:  Moderately-differentiated Primary tumor (pT2): Carcinoma is into but not through muscularis propria Proximal/distal/radial margin: Negative Vascular invasion: Negative Regional lymph nodes (pN): Sixteen negative lymph nodes (0/16) Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified 5 DIAGNOSIS Colon, sigmoid, segmental resection: Adenocarcinoma, moderately-differentiated, invading into but not through the muscularis propria.. Sixteen negative lymph nodes (0/16). End Of Report.