
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:F93869FD-9F81-4BB1-B0A4-489E5293C31 TSS Patient ID: Surgical Date: Gross Description: In bladder, it is invasive and protruded masse, ill - margins with 5x4x4cm in size,. soft and gray surface. Microscopic Description: Tumor cells are hyperplastic to form nest or groups or cords or tubules. Tumor cells have moderate and eosinophilic or clear cytoplasm. Nuclei are very enlarged and varriability in. shape and size, irregular nuclear membranes, nucleoli and abnormal chromatin patterns. Mitoses are present. Tumor invades in muscle propria or nerves. Diagnosis Details: Infiltrating urothelial carcinoma, high-grade, infiltrating muscularis propria. Comments: Formatted Path Reports: BLADDER TISSUE CHECKLIST Specimen type: Cystectomy Tumor site: Bladder (Pu T3S, sife 1s bhsdw wnll.) Tumor size: 5 x 4 x 4 cm CLeE ID0-3 Tumor features: None specified C@rsensno,ursteleaI NoS Histologic type: Transitional cell carcinoma 812d13 H Histologic grade: Poorly differentiated Carcenna tranwlionosall NOS 8/20/3 Tumor extent: Muscularis propria Out %addu woQQ N03 CJo77 Lymph nodes: Not specified 1714 Lymphatic invasion: Not specified Venous invasion: Not specified. Margins: Not specified Evidence of neo-adjuvant treatment: No Additional pathologic findings: Extracapsular extension: present, focal Comments: None Tvuor site dutuied by TSS + bc b1sddn wulL.su dx discrpercy borm Jill

--- Page 2 ---
TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form V4.00 Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis. documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TCGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (TSS): TSS Identifier: -.!  Tss Unique Patient Identifier: - Completed By (Intervlewer Name o. Completed Date: Dlagnosis Information # Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s) documented on  Pathologic Diagnosis Trausrtione cell the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for Provided on Initial this case Is mixed, provide all Histed subtypes.. Pathology Report eerei nema Histologic features of  Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case Mwscke imasivi Quality Control Form completed for thls case.. the sample provided 2  for TCGA, as reflected on the CQCF. Dlscrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quallty Control Form  Provide the reason for  Provide a reason describing why the dlagnosls on the initial Speific. locodieu of- the discrepancy pathology report for this case is not consistent with the diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form.  between the pathology tvmer within Hhe bWadqLer report and the TCGA Case Quality Control was not qiven rn paH Form. veport, but was qive. on CQ cF witfi+u tvme$r hing located onH wal of H paddler.  Name of TSS Reviewing  Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed thls case for TCGA. Pathologist or Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above informatlon n  my instltutlon is true and correct and has been quality controlled. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director Date I acknowledge that the above information provided by my Institutlon Is true and correct and has been quality controlled. The Attending Pathologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or Is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses. Principal Investigator Signature Date