
--- Page 1 ---
****** Resident: Pathologist: PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: A. SPECIMEN DESIGNATED "PERIGASTRIC LYMPH NODES": Heterotopic pancreas with focal pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia type 1 (PanIN1) No lymph node is present. B. SPECIMEN DESIGNATED "RIGHT COLON, HEMICOLECTOMY": MUCINOUs ADENOCARCINOMA, low grade, moderately differentiated (7.0 cm in greatest dimension). The tumor forms a fungating mass and has an infiltrating border. The tumor invades through the subserosa to the serosal surface.. The proximal, distal, and radial resection margins are negative. for tumor. Invasive tumor is 152mm from the proximal resection margin, 206mm. from the distal resection margin, and 21mm from the radial resection margin. Lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Venous invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified. Peritumoral lymphoid response (including Crohn'slike infiltrate) is mild. Residual adenoma is present. Regional lymph nodes. (positive:total): 5:31 AJCc Classification T4 N2 MX. CLINICAL DATA: History: None provided. Operation: Laparoscopic converted to open right hemicolectomy. Operative Findings: None provided. Clinical Diagnosis: Colon cancer. TISSUE SUBMITTED: A/1. Perigastric lymph node. B/2. Right hemicolectomy to Fs. GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh, in two parts, each labeled with the patient's name and medical record number. Part A, "#1. Perigastric lymph node", consists of a red/brown fibroadipose tissue fragment (2.5 x 1.5 x'1.0 cm)'containing a single lymph node. The specimen is entirely submitted. Micro A1-A2: Lymph node, bisected, 1 frag per cassette, Part B, "#2. Right hemicolectomy", consists of a hemicolectomy specimen (37.5 x 7.5 cm), including an appendix (7.0 x 0.5 cm) and the distal ileum (3.0 x 2.0. cm), which includes a stapled resection margin (blue, 2.0 cm) and a distal stapled resection margin (black, 2.8 cm). There is a fungating tan/red mass (7.0 x 4.0 x 2.3 cm), which measures 12.6 cm to the ileocecal valve, 15.2 cm to the proximal stapled resection margin, 20.6 cm to the distal stapled resection margin, and 2.1 cm to the radial margin. There is a second tan/yellow polyp Page: 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Pathology Report (0.3 cm in diameter), which measures 4.0 cm to the distal stapled resection No other lesions margin and 33.0 cm to the proximal stapled resection margin. are identified.  Representative sections of the tumor and normal bowel are submitted to the tissue bank.  Representative sections of x 1.9 x 1.6 cm) are identified in the mesentery. the larger two lymph nodes are submitted.  The remaining lymph nodes are entirely submitted. Micro Bl: Proximal stapled resection margin,  frag frag, Micro B3: Radial resection margin, 1 frag,. Micro B4: Tumor with serosal involvement 1 frag, Micro B5: Additional tumor, 1 frag, 1 frag Micro B6: Tumor with proximal adjacent mucosa, Micro B7: Tumor with distal adjacent mucosa,. frag, Micro B8: Polyp and normal mucosa,  frags, Micro B9: Appendix, tip and perpendicular distal end,. 4 frags Micro Bll: Largest candidate node, 1  frag, Micro B13: Third largest node, 2 frags. Micro, B14: Candidate node, 2 frags, Micro B15-B17: Candidate nodes, ? frags per cassette,. By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she pexsonally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto. Diaqnosis by. Electronically signed on ADDENDUM: Immunostains for MLh1, Msh6, Pms2, and Msh2 reveal intact nuclear staining in tumor cells. In a very small percentage of tumors, there is an underlying hereditary genetic defect despite intact nuclear expression in tumor cells. Clinical correlation is required. Addendum #1 by Electronically signed on Page: 2 of: