
--- Page 1 ---
DIAGNOSIS Left kidney.radical nephrectomy (A-F): Renal cell carcinoma, see synoptic report. Kidney:Nephrectomy, partial or radical Synopsis MACROSCOPIC Specimen Type: Left radical nephrectomy Focality:Multifocal Tumor Size Greatest dimension:3.1 cm. Macroscopic extent of tumor: Tumor limited to kidney.. MICROSCOPIC Histologic Type: Chromophobe renal cell carcinoma. Histologic Grade: G2: Nuclei slightly irregular. approximately 15 microns: nucleoli evident EXTENT OF INVASION

--- Page 2 ---
Primary Tumor: pT3a: Tumor directly invades perirenal and /or renc beyond Gerota's fascia. Regional Lymph Nodes: pNX: Cannot be assessed. Lymph Nodes: None submitted Distant metastasis: pMX: Cannot be assessed Margins: Margins uninvolved by invasive carcinoma Adrenal gland:Uninvolved by tumor. Venous invasion: Present (see note) Additional Pathologic Findings: Inflammation (type): chronic inflammation of renal parenchyma. Comments: Areas of hemorrhage and infarction are noted. The tissue is somewhat disrupted where the tumor abuts the renal sinus. Nevertheless there appears to be focal invasion into soft tissue of the renal sinus, therefore the tumor is as reviewed the case. Clinical: Specimen submitted: Left kidney: Clinical diagnosis and data: Left kidney mass Gross: The specimen is received fresh labeled with the patient's name,. the medical record number and "left kidney" it consists of a kidney with attached perinephric adipose tissue that measures 21 x 10 x 7 cm. A segment of ureter is present and measures 5 cm in length. An adrenal gland is present and measures 4.5 x 2 x 0.3 cm. A probe is passed into the ureter. and the ureter is opened longitudinally to the pelvis: the kidney is then bivalved through the pelvic caliceal system.A tumor that measures 3.1 x 2.4 x 1.9 cm is present in the upper pole of the kidney. The cut surface of the tumor is solid yellow. Tumor invasion into the perinephric adipose tissue is not identified. Invasion of the renal vein is not identified. No other lesions are noted in the renal parenchyma. The mucosa of the ureter and pelvis are unremarkable. The adrenal gland is serially sliced and no abnormalities are noted. Representative sections are submitted as follows: A = tumor in relation to the capsule and perinephric fat, B = tumor in relation to adjacent kidney, C = most viable appearing tumor substance. D = section of the kidney away from the tumor. E = ureteral and vascular resection margin. F = section from the adrenal gland..