
--- Page 1 ---
SPECIMEN Splenic flexure please send for K-ras CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOsIS: Left colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh labeled "splenic flexure" is a previously unopened, 15 cm. segment of colon surfaced by smooth, glistening tan-pink serosa with a moderate amount of attached mesocolon. The undesignated margins average 4.6 cm. in circumference. Central palpale mesenteric mass is noted and the overlying surface is inked blue. On opening, there is a central, 3.8 x 3.4 cm. rubbery tan white-pink tumor mass which is equadistantly located 7.5 cm from each of the undesignated margins. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 2 cm. grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.4 cm. of the inked free radial serosal suface. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. No additional mass lesion or abnormality is identified. The aforementioned mesenteric mass measures 2.7 cm in greatest dimension with glistening tan-white cut surfaces and appears contigous with the aforementioned mucosal tumor, spanning an overall depth of 3.2 cm. and focally extending to within O.1 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface (see contiguous sections blocks 5 and 6). The remaining mucosa is unremarable glistening tan pink with regular folds and the wall averages 0.5 cm. in thickness. A few soft to rubbery tan white-pink tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 2 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon. Representative sections are submitted in 15 blocks as labeled. Rs-15. BLOcK suMMARy: 1 - Proximal and distal margins; 2-6 tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface (cassettes 5 and 6 represent tumor to mesenteric mass with point of continuity inked green); 7 - random colon; 8 - three whole lymph nodes; 9-12 - one bisected lymph node per cassette; 13-15 - additional ocolon (in lieu of minimal number of nodes normally required).

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type:  Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Moderate to poorly differentiated Primary tumor (pT): Extends to the muscularis propria and into pericolonic tissue (pT3) Proximal margin: Uninvolved Distal margin: Uninvolved Circumferential (radial) margin: Close Vascular invasion: Present. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic carcinoma is present in 7 of 13 pericolonic lymph nodes (pN2). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor:. Extensive Distant metastasis (pM):  Could not be evaluated by this specimen. (pMX) Other findings:  None 5 DIAGNOSIS Colon, splenic flexure, resection:. Adenocarcinoma, moderate to poorly differentiated, depth of invasion through muscularis propria.. Surgical margins uninvolved. Metastatic carcinoma present in 7 of 13 lymph nodes DIAG  End Of Report