
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:BF101C5C-4A5F-4ECC-A8F3-0A9F21315564 TCGA-A4-A5XZ-01A-PR Redacted Sex:Female D.O.B.. MRN #: Ref Physiu SPECIMEN INFC Collected: Received: Reported: SURgiCAL pATHOLOgy REPORT DIAGNOSIS LgDO-3  DIAGNOSIS: Right kidney, nephrectomy: neneI ee|QQ Tumor Characteristics: acinone, yasIloy Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, see comment. 824>/B 2. Tumor site: Right kidney. 3. Tumor focality: Unifocal. 4.. . Tumor size: 8.6 x 8.6  8.3 cm. Sit RXidrey NoS Co4.y 5: Macroscopic extent of tumor: Confined.to kidney. 6. Microscopic extent of tumor: Confined to kidney. 7. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade 3/4. 9&5|sf13 8. Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified.. 9. Sarcomatoid features: Not identified.. Surgical Margin Status: 1. Margins uninvolved by carcinoma: Inked surface, ureter, vasculature. 2. Margins involved by carcinoma: None.. Lymph Node Status: No lymph -noded present.. Other: 1. pTNM stage: pT2aNx. Electronic Signature: COMMENTS: Appropriately controlled immunohistochemical stains performed on block #3 show the following results:. Cylokeratin 7: Positive in tumor. CD68: Positive in foamy macrophages present in many papillary cores. These findings along with the morphologic appearance are consistent with a papillary renal cell carcinoma:.  CLINICAL INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY:  Preoperative Diagnosis: NONE GIVEN Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings:e SPECIMENS: Right kidney SPECIMEN DATA GrOSs DESCrIpTInN: 1 right kidney. Received in formalin is a 613.5 gram nephrectomy specimen with a marked amount of attached yellow.. Container is labeler lobular tat. The kidney is 12.6 x 11.1 x 7.7 cm. The renal capsule is gray-tan, disrupted superiorly in a 4.5 cm in greatest dimensions focus. At the hilum,  bulging from the capsule, there is a 8.6 x 8.6 x 8.3 cm soft, encapsulated mass. A portion of this capsule has been previousty inked in blue and partially.  incised to collect Genomics research tissues: these Genomics tissues are received in yellow. green, and teal tissue cassettes, all labeled with the respectively. Adjacent to the encapsulated mass at the hilurn, and and. patient's narrx there is an attacned 5.7 cm song segment of ureter tnat is up io 0.3 cm in greatest uianreter. The renal artery and vein segments at the margin are short. 3y  t  & ar 'ong. are patent. and unrenarkable for tumor. Upon sectioning. the mass is well defined from the surrounding normat renal sar ercry--a C- z section. the mass 's so- yelow-tan. necrotic and hemorrhagic. The mass does not involve the renal pelvis. The normal renai as follows: A1--renal vein, arteries, and ureter at the  giand is identified. Representative sections are submitted in cassettes labeled  margins; A2--disrupted portion of superior renal capsule; A3 and A4--mass to capsule; A5-A7--mass to renal peivis; A8--mass to normal rena! parenchyma. w 3/12/13 QUALIFIED DISQUA