
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-CS-5393 SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT FINAL DIAGNOSIS: 1. Left temporal parietal tumor: Anaplastic astrocytoma, grade Ill of. IV (WHO scale), see microscopic description, SEE NOTE. Comment: The proliferation index of 7.2% is within the expected range for an. anaplastic astrocytoma, grade IIl.. This diagnostic report has been personally interpreted by the signatory of record.. Microscopic Description: The tumor consists of a moderately pleomorphic and highly. infiltrative proliferation of astrocytes. There are rare mitoses. There is no endothelial proliferation or necrosis. Immunohistochemistry for the proliferation antigen ki67 was performed as follows:Ten 250 x 250 micron fields were counted and the percentage of labeled nuclei determined. Over 1,O00 cells were counted. The proliferation index ranged from 4.4% to 12.5% with an overall average of 7.2%. Frozen Section Diagnosis:. 1. Left temporal parietal tumor: - Glial Neoplasm. Clinical History and Diagnosis:. 3rain Tumor

--- Page 2 ---
Source of Specimen: 1: Left temporal parietal tumor Gross Description: 1. Left temporal parietal tumor: Received fresh in specimen jar labeled with patient' s name and, "#1 Left temporal parietal lobe" is a 3.5 x 3.0 x 0.5 cm aggregate of tan white soft brain tissue. Less than 50% of the specimen is prepared for frozen section, and the entire. specimen is submitted in four cassettes. Histology Laboratory H&E Immunohistochemistry Notes 1. Quantification of immunohistochemistry assay for ER and PR studies is by the method of 2. Hercept Test (DakoCytomation) Formalin fixed, paraffin embedded. Interpretation follows the manufacturer' s recommendation. Documented by EGFR pharmDx9 Clone 2-18C9 Formalin fixed, paraffin embedded. Interpretation follows the manufacturer' s recommendation. Doucmented by 3. Analyte Specific Reagent (AscR) Disclaimer. The use of one or more reagents in the above tests is regulated as an analyte specific reagent (ASR). These tests were developed and their performance characteristics determined by the Clinical Laboratory of They have not been cleared by the US Food and Drug Administration. The FDA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary.