
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT DIAGNOSIS DIAGNOSIS Kidney left nephrectomy Tumor Characteristics: 1. Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma. 2. Tumor site:Left kidney, lower pole. 3.Tumor focality. Unifocal. 4.Tumor size:3.2 x3.0 x3.0 cm. 5. Macroscopic extent of tumor: Tumor limited to kidney. 6. Microscopic extent of tumor: Tumor limited to kidney. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade 2 of 4. f. 8. Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified 9. Sarcomatoid features: Not identified. Surgical Margin Status: Surgical margins including ureter, renal vein, renal artery, and soft tissue are negative for tumor. Lymph Node Status: No lymph nodes received with specimen. Other: Nonneoplastic renal parenchyma shows numerous sclerotic glomeruli and mild to moderate arteriosclerosis. 2.pTNM stage:pT1a NX. COMMENTS:  Histologic sections show a tumor within the left lower pole which has a papillary architecture composed of tumor cells with an oncocytic appearance. Therefore immunohistochemical staining for CD117,vimentin, and cytokeratin 7 is performed on block 1 to exclude an oncocytoma.The tumor is positive for cytokeratin 7 and vimentin and negative for CD117 supporting a diagnosis of a papillary renal cell carcinoma rather than an oncocytoma. CLINICAL INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY:S Preoperative Diagnosis: None given Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: Left kidney SPECIMEN DATA GROSS DESCRIPTION: The consists of a kidney with attached perinephric fat measuring 20.0 x 16.0 x 6.5 cm and weighs 814 grams. There is no adrenal gland attached to the specimen. The ureter measures 10.0 cm in length and up to 0.5 cm in diameter. On opening the ureter the mucosal surface is light tan. There are is no material or lesions identified within the lumen. The renal artery stump measures 1.5 cm in length and 0.5 cm in diameter and is grossly unremarkable. The renal vein stump measures 1.0 cm in length and 1.5 cm in diameter and is also grossiy unremarkable.At the hilum there are no lymph nodes identified. The soft tissue resected margin is yellow to brown tan slightly shaggy with adhesions. The martin is inked. The kidney is bisected and reveals a circumscribed brown tan hemorrhagic mass within the lower pole measuring 3.2 x 3.0 x 3.0 cm. On sectioning the mass appears grossly confined to the capsule. There is no lesion into the surrounding perinephric fat identified. The mass is within 2.2 cm of the deep margin. The renal cortex is brown tan measuring 0.5 cm displaying a well defined cortical medullary junction. No other lesions are identified. The renal calyces Representative sections are submitted in cassettes s follows:sections from the mass-1 to 4;ureter-5renal art surrounding uninvolved kidney-7, perpendicular sections taken trom the deep margin overlying the mass--8.