
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:BEB0E95C-EDF2-40A5-BB95-588D07369CEE TCGA-E7-A7DU-01A-PR Redacted TSS Patient ID: Surgical Date: Gross Description: 1. Bladder tumor fragments endoscopy recovered with histologic aspect of papillary urothelial carcinoma well/moderate differentiated G1/G2 (low-grade), areas of squamous metaplasia,. ulcerated, nectrotic, stpT1 (at least).. 2. Piece of cystoprostatectomy presenting the urinary bladder with a vegetative tumoral proliferation,. developed on trigone, retro-trigone and left wall level, with intramural evolution, peri-Ous, large implanting base and invasive in the whole wall. Histopathological aspect of infiltrative urothelial cell carcinoma, well/moderately differentiated, G1/G2 (low-grade), with areas of squamous metaplasia, ulcerated, necrotic, intramural evolution and invasion of the entire bladder wall; stpT3. Prostate and seminal vesicles with histological structure preserved. 3.Right ilio-obturator group of 8 (eight) lymph nodes of maximum 1.3 cm in dimensions, with reactive aspect, congestion and sclera-lipomatous dystrophy 4. Left ilio-obturator group of 6 (six) lymph nodes of maximum 1.5 cm with reactive aspect, congestion and sclero-lipomatous dystrophy.. 5-6. left and right ureter with preserved histological aspect. Microscopic Description: Diagnosis Details: CONCLUSION: Papillary urothelial cell carcinoma of the bladder, well/moderate differentiated, G1/G2, (low-grade) with areas of squamous metaplasia, stpT3, pNo, pMx (stage III). ICD-0 3 erunmxwruthliil No S Comments: 8/2013 Formatted Path Reports: BLADDER TISSUE CHECKLIST Specimen type: Cystectomy J830/3 Tumor site: Bladder Ste Tumor size: 4 x 4 cm AtJ 9/4/13 Tumor features: Ulcerated Histologic type: Transitional cell carcinoma, papillary Histologic grade: Moderately to well differentiated

--- Page 2 ---
Tumor extent: Perivesical tissue (microscopic). Lymph nodes: 0/14 positive for metastasis (Regional 0/14) Lymphatic invasion: Not specified. Venous invasion: Not specified. Margins: Uninvolved Evidence of neo-adjuvant treatment: Not specified Additional pathologic findings: Not specified Comments: None