
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:4AF67A51-97C1-4D58-9E60-03FDFFACD38A TCGA-A7-A3RF-01A-PR Redacted 1cD o-3 carcinomg,mucinou S 84803 Sik: bregst,Nos Final Surgical Pathology Report. cSO,9 3|q1z eD Procedure: Diagnosis A.  Left axillary sentinel nodes, excision: 2 lymph nodes negative for metastatic disease, 0/2 B. Left breast mass, excision: Invasive mucinous carcinoma, Elston SBR. grade 2. Tumor is less than 1 mm from the deep margin and at least. extremely close to the lateral margin. C:  Pectoralis fascia, excision: Adipose tissue and skeletal muscle present.  Mucinous carcinoma present in the adipose tissue at the inked medial margin of resection. Microscopic Description: A. 2 sentinel nodes are present examined in their entirety at multiple levels. They are both negative for metastatic disease, 0/2 B.  This excision discloses invasive mucinous adenocarcinoma.. Of note, particularly in block #5, there was a suspicion for lymphatic invasion.. This is considered not to be the case, however,  based on stains for D240 and CD34. The negative staining for p63 also helps to exclude in situ tumor.  Please see the template below: Invasive Carcinoma: Histologic type: Invasive mucinous carcinoma. Histologic grade: Elston SBR grade 2 Overall grade: Architectural score: 2 Nuclear score: 3 Mitotic score: 1 Greatest dimension (pT): 3.7 cm, pT 2 Specimen margins: Tumor is present less than 1 mm from the deep margin and at least extremely close to the lateral margin. Vessel invasion: Negative Calcification: Rare Description of non-tumorous breast: No significant pathology Comments: Attached skin negative for tumor. Prognostic markers: Previously performed C. Microscopic examination performed Specimen  Left axillary sentinel node A. B.  Left breast mass, long anterior, short superior C. Pectoralis/posterior, long anterior short superior. Clinical Information PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Left breast cancer HISTORY: -year-old white female with left mucinous breast cancer

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description A.  Received fresh labeled "left axillary sentinel node" are 2 soft tan gold-pink tissues averaging 1.8 cm in greatest dimension. The specimens are bisected and entirely submitted independently in 2 blocks. B. Received fresh for tissue procurement within a. container labeled "left breast mass" is a 7.5 cm (medial to lateral) by 5.0 cm (superior to inferior) by 4.2 cm (anterior to posterior) soft, lobulated tan gold-white portion of fibroadipose tissue with 2 sutures as stated previously. A 2.7 x 1.3 cm wrinkled tan-white portion of skin is present along the anterior aspect..  The margins are inked as follows: Anterior blue, posterior black, superior green, and inferior Orange. The specimen is sectioned from medial to lateral.. There is a well-circumscribed, 3.7 cm (medial to lateral) by 3.2 cm (superior to inferior) by 2.7 cm (anterior to posterior) rubbery tan white mucinous tumor mass within the lateral half of the specimen..  A portion of tumor and a portion of normal parenchyma are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. The tumor focally extends to within less than 0.l cm of the inked posterior margin. Several cylindrical tan-white structures in keeping with those associated with needle core biopsy are present The remaining cut surfaces consist predominantly of soft, lobulated tan gold adipose tissue with a scant amount of interspersed delicate .n-white fibrous tissue. Sumuary: 1 - perpendicular sections medial margin, 2 through 9 - sequential sections, 10 - perpendicular sections lateral margin Specimen is fixed at C.  Received fresh labeled "pectoralis fascia posterior" is a 3.0 cm (superior to inferior) by 2.5 cm (medial to lateral) by 0.7 cm anterior to posterior) soft, lobulated tan gold-white portion of fibroadipose tissue with 2 sutures as stated previously. The margins are inked as follows: Anterior blue, posterior black, medial green, and lateral Orange. The specimen is sectioned from superior to inferior. The cut surfaces consist predominantly of soft, lobulated tan gold adipose tissue with a scant amount of interspersed delicate tan-white fibrous tissue.  No residual mass lesion or abnormality is identified grossly. Summary: 1 - perpendicular sections superior margin, 2 through 4 sequential sections, 5 - perpendicular sections inferior margin Specimen is fixed at