
--- Page 1 ---
Page 1 of 2. UUID:97EA8988-20F9-4E07-B2A5-C03584DAC700 TCGA-UD-AAC1-01A-PR Printed DOB: CLINICAL HISTORY: Right mesothelioma. MACROSCOPIC: Norr Right pleural mesothelioma: Roughly triangular shaped piece of pleural File tissue measuring 100mm x 70mm and up to 15mm in thickness.  The  Note surfaces appear nodular and irregular with some haemorrhage present on Requi both surfaces. The pleura appears thinner towards the tailing narrow end which measures up to 35mm.. There appears to be a cut through the  Patie Nouifi nodular thickened area. The cut surface shows a lobulated and whorled grey tan yellowish cut surface focally. Specimen is sliced from the.  Patie hicker end to the thinner and the cut surface is relatively Will ( nomogeneous from one end to the other (A-G 7xl, H 1xM, MICROSCOPIC: Mak Sections show the specimen to be almost entirely infiltrated by a Appoint malignant tumour.  The tumour is forming nests and poorly formed Colle glandular structures and is composed of epithelioid cells with round Prescri] nuclei, prominent nucleoli and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm. The tumour infiltrates from the pleural surface through fat and focally is Ou Co1 Treatir seen at the deep margin of the biopsy. Geographic areas of necrosis. are evident.  A focal papillary pattern is seen along the surface. Check Doct Page 1 of. M Contidentiality: This document is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient you must not read, copy, distribute or act in. reliance on it. if you have recieved this document in error please notify us immediately and destroy the original message. TCD-O.3 9sz|3 masait dite:B yJwo C38.4 JtJ 1/29/14

--- Page 2 ---
aye DOB Sex: Immunoperoxidase stains show strong staining with Cam5.2 and calretinin, weaker staining with cD5/6 and no staining with cEA or Norm BerEp4. Nott CONCLUSION: Requi Right pleural lesion:  Deeply invasive malignant mesothelioma. Tumour extends up to the deep margin of excision. Patie Notif.  Patie Will( Mak Pathologist: Appoim Collk Prescri Page 2 of 2 On Co Treatn Check Doct M Confldentiality: This document is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient you must not read, copy, distribute or act in rellance on it. If you havs recieved this document in error please notify us immediately and destroy the original message. Dq - r unKnow~ d+aif5(when,whnt+ypi adry pleuroclesis w418/13