
--- Page 1 ---
ID b3 UUID:4450C905-2199-4DF3-A17B-450736D6F403 TCgA-2Z-A9JN-01A-PR Redacted 'arcinsm@, yelyillouy Nna. eeQQ 8QbOJ3 Pathology Report 4J|28/14 Final Diagnosis A. RIGHT PARTIAL NEPHRECTOMY: Oncocytic variant of papillary renal cell carcinoma, Fuhrman nuclear grade 2-3, confined to the kidney (See Comment and See Key Pathological Findings). Parenchymal resection margin, free of tumor (tumor located a fraction of a mm from the. margin). Pathologic stage: pT1a NX MX. B. DEEP MARGIN: Renal parenchyma, no tumor present. I the attending pathologist, personally reviewed all slides and / or materials and rendered the final diagnosis. Electronically. signed.Out by Comment The tumor cells are arranged in papillae and tubules and exhibit moderate amount of pink eosinophilic cytoplasm. Areas of papillae formation with foamy histiocytes are present. There is a single layer of tumor cells with luminally placed nuclei. No nuclear stratification is identitied. Immunohistochemical stains performed show the tumor cells to be strongly positive for cytokeratin 7 and E-Cadherin, focally positive for vimentin with weak and focal positivity for racemase. The tumor. cells are negative for CD10, RCC and CD117. Key Pathological Findings Tumor type: Oncocytic variant of papillary renal cell carcinoma Nuclear grade: Predominantly 2, focally 3. Tumor size: 3.2 x 3.2 x 2.3 cm Pattern of growth: Tubular and papillary Renal capsule invasion: Not identified Invasive of perinephric adipose tissue: Not applicable Renal vein invasion: Not applicable Surgical margins: Free of tumor Lymphovascular invasion:. Not identified Perineural invasion. Not identified Adrenal gland: Not applicable Lymph nodes: Not applicable Pathologic stage: pT1a NX MX Specimen(s) Received RIGHTPARTIALNEPHRECTOMYFS

--- Page 2 ---
B DEEP MARGIN FS Clinical History None provided. Preoperative Diagnosis Right renal mass. Intraoperative Consultation FSA1.RIGHTPARTIALNEPHRECTOMY Oncocytic lesion. FSB1.  DEEP MARGIN: Negative. Comment: This frozen section diagnosis/result was communicated to and acknowledged by Dr. , M.D., have performed the intraoperative consultation and issued the above. diagnosis. Gross Description A.  Part A is received fresh for frozen section consult, labeled *right partial nephrectomy.. ink-margin" and consists of an oriented segment of renal tissue, 23.5 g, 5.1 x 3.7 x 2.9 cm. The capsule is intact and smooth with scant soft tissue (ink black)and the deep parenchymal margin is inked blue. The cut surfaces exhibit a circumscnbed pale tan tobulated rubbery tumor mass, 3.2 x 3.2 x 2.3 cm. The mass approximates the deep parenchymal margin, separated by a submillimeter of membrane. The mass is interspersed with fibrosis.Minimal focal cysts are noted,however,no necrosis or hemorrhage is identified. The normal parenchyma is dark tan and smooth. Representative sections are submitted as FSA1-A8 as labeled FSA1: Frozen section of renal lesion with nearest capsule. A2-A3: Cross section of renal lesion with fibrosis, bisected and mirror image sections submitted for Tissue Procurement Laboratory. A4-A5. Cross section of renal lesion, bisected A6-A7: Cross section of renal lesion, bisected A8: Cross section of renal lesion.. The specimen is submitted for Tissue Procurement Laboratory.. B.  Part B is received fresh for frozen section consultation, labeled "deep margin: ink-margin* and consists of an oriented dark tan renal sliver, 1 x 1 x 0.5 cm. The inked margin is re-inked blue. Sectioned perpendicular, the cut surfaces exhibit unremarkable smooth parenechyma. No lesion is grossly seen. The specimen is submitted ertirely in FSB1. The specimen is not submitted for Tissue Procurement Laboratory..