
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN Right colon. CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNosIS: Right colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh labeled "right colon" is a previously unopened, 29 cm.  segment of proximal right colon with attached 10 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to scabrous tan. pink serosa with a copious amount of attached mesocolon and. mesentery. An unremarkable 6.2 cm. in length, 0.3 cm. in diameter appendix is present. The proximal and distal margins measure 3.2 and 5.6 cm. in circumference respectively.  On opening, there is a well mscribed 5.2 x 4.0 cm. rubbery pale tan tumor located 3.8 cm. distal to the ileocecal valve.  The tumor has the maximal thickness of 1.2 cm., grossly extending into the muscularis propria, to within 0.2 cm. of the inked free radial serosal surface. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for. tissue procurement as requested. mucosa are unremarkable tan pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.5 cm. in thickness. Several slightly rubbery tan white tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.4 cm. greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. Representative sections are submitted in 12 blocks as. labeled. BLOCK suMMARy: 1 - proximal and distal margins; 2 through 4 - tumor full thickness to inked radial serosal surface (black); 5 - tumor to distal normal mucosa; 6 - Icv; 7 - random colon; 8 - appendix; 9. six whole lymph nodes; 10 - four wh lymph nodes; 11 and 12 - one bisected lymph node per cassette MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic grade: Moderately-differentiated Primary tumor (pT2): Carcinoma into, but not completely through, the muscularis propria. Proximal/distal/radial margins: Negative. Vascular invasion: Negative. Regional lymph nodes (pN) : Twelve negative lymph nodes (0/12). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified. Other findings:  appendix with fibrous luminal obliteration; ileum unremarkable.

--- Page 2 ---
DIAGNOSIS Terminal ileum, cecum, appendix, proximal colon, right. hemicolectomy: Adenocarcinoma, moderately-differentiated, with invasion into, but not through, the muscularis propria. Negative margins of excision.. Angiolymphatic invasion not identified.. Twelve negative lymph nodes (0/12).. End Of Report.