
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY: PROCEDURF DATE: RECEIVED DATE: REPORT DATE COPY TO: Pre-Op Diagnosis Colon cancer Post-Op Diagnosis Same as above Clinical History Nothing indicated Gross Description: Container labeled " - right colon" is an approximately 14 cm previously opened moderately distorted portion of large bowel including cecum, as well as 4.5 cm of previously opened terminal ileum. The specimen is covered by a moderate amount. of pericolic and epiploic adipose tissue in which a 4.3 x 0.6 x 0.6 grossly unremarkable vermiform appendix is identified. The visible. serosa is shaggy and gray-brown with several fibrofatty adhesions. The wall is up to 0.6 cm edematous and fibrotic. The lumen is lined by gray-tan mucosa with preservation of intestinal folds and a small amount of submucosal edema. Noted within the cecal pouch at a point 0.3 cm from the ileocecal valve there is a previously sectioned moderately distorted fairly well defined approximately 3.0 x 2.8 cm centrally ulcerated finely granular tan brown plaque like lesion with slightly raised rolled borders. This appears to have a gritty gray-tan fibrotic cut surface measuring up to 0.7 cm in thickness This grossly appears to focally extend through the wall focally shallowly into the surrounding adipose tissue adjacent to the ileocecal valve. In addition, this lesion focally appears to extend into the appendiceal orifice but does not grossly appear to obstruct the appendix. On sectioning, the surrounding adipose tissue shows several poorly defined gray tan to brown nodules up to 0.6 cm. Also. received in the same container are three tissue cassettes each labeled 1  Representative sections are submitted Iabeted as follows: A - proximal margin; B - dista! margin with a portion of proximal margin included; C-F - representative lesion and

--- Page 2 ---
surrounding tissue; G - random uninvolved bowel; H - representative more distal aspect of appendix; I - appendix near appendiceal. orifice; J-L - nodules from pericolic fat. Microscopic Description: The slides labeled! are examined. See diagnosis Final Diagnosis Tumor characteristics: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma. Location of tumor: Cecal pouch. Size: 3.0 x 2.8 x 0.7 cm in greatest dimension. Grade: Poorly differentiated. Lymphovascular space invasion: Yes. Perforation of Visceral peritoneum: No Presence of mesenteric deposits: No. Depth of invasion: Carcinoma extends through muscularis propria into subserosal adipose tissue. Surgical Margin Status: Proximal Margin: No carcinoma identified. Distal Margin: No carcinoma identified. Radial Margin: No carcinoma identified. Distance of tumor from closet margin: Carcinoma extends to within 1 mm of the serosal surface but does not perforate or extend to the serosal surface. Lymph Node Status: Total number of lymph nodes examined: 17 Total number of lymph nodes with metastatic carcinoma: 1 (1/17) PAS 9 Appendix: Fibrous obliteration of the lumen. PAS 4 SPC-A CPT: 88309 Stage: pT3N1a Comments At the request of the undersigned pathologist, these slides have. been additionally reviewed by Dr.   who concurs with the diagnosis. This test has been finalized at the  Campus. <Sian Out Dr. Signature>