
--- Page 1 ---
TeD O-3 JUID:9 799100 Redacted 377213 Sute MuoI tocF Ck9.4 HO2/16/14 Enucleation of the right eye. Macroscopy: The eyeball measures 28x20 mm and the posterior optic nerve segment 7 mm. At the section, it presents a black tumor measuring 13 mm main line. The piece has been fixed and included entirely. Su pamh dusereparry frn  Microscopy lpiHuioid au! Spidl eill rats.. The specimens observed present a cell proliferation with the histological features of a. melanoma. This tumor is mainly composed of fusiform cells (97%) which present moderate nuclear atypias and a large cytoplasm frequently loaded with melanin. The mitotic index is low (three mitoses per 10 high power field). The tumor size is 13 mm main line. The lesion invades the ciliary body . The sclera is free. The optic nerve on its entire course as well as its cut end and the meningeal sheath are free of tumor. Conclusion: Uveal melanoma composed of fusiform cells (97%) Epithelioid cells: <3% Tumor size: 13 mm.. Tumor extension of the ciliary body The sclera is free. No extrascleral extension. Optic nerve in its entire course, cut end of the optic nerve and meningeal sheaths free of tumor..

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case.. Tissue Source Site (TSS): TSS Identifier: . TSs Unique Patient Identifier: . Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): . Completed Date: _ Diagnosis Information Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions <3% epithelioid cells Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s) documented on  Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for.  Provided on Initial this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. 97% spindle cells  Pathology Report Histologic features of 61-90% spindle cells Provlde the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case the sample provided Quality Control Form completed for this case. for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% epithelioid cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form  Provide the reason for  Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial. the discrepancy The section of the frozen sample used for sending. pathology report for this case is not consistent with the.  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form. report.and the TCGA where the epithelioid part is predominant. Case Quality Control Form. The percentages mentioned on the initial  Pathology Report correspond to an average on the  whole embedded sections used for establish the  Pathology Report.  Name of Tss Reviewing Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case Pathologist or for TCGA. Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above informatlon provided by my institution Is true and correct and has been quality controlled. TSS Reviewing Pathologist o/Biorepository Director Date I acknowiedge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. The Attending Pathologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the above dlscrepancy in diagnoses. Principal Investigator Signature Date