
--- Page 1 ---
Final Pathologic Diagnosis: A. Kidney, right, partial nephrectomy: Tumor histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 1 Sarcomatoid features (%): None Tumor size: 3.7 cm (greatest dimension) Other dimensions:. 3.5 x 2.2 cm Macroscopic extent of tumor:. Limited to kidney Focality: Unifocal Fuhrman grade: 2 of 4 Perinephric fat invasion: No Renal sinus invasion: Not applicable Renal vein involvement: Not applicable Adrenal gland present: No Cancer at resection margin:. No Pathologic findings in nonneoplastic kidney:  Not applicable (partial. nephrectomy) Hilar lymph nodes present: No Pathologic stage pT1a pNX pM: Not applicable B. Kidney, right, excision of deep margin: Negative for tumor. The examination of this case material and the preparation of this report were. performed by the staff pathologist. Gross Description: Received are two formalin filled containers each labeled with the patient name Part A is received additionally labeled "right renal mass" and consists of a 4 x 3.8 x 2.8 cm portion of apparent kidney with an abundant amount of associated perirenal fat. The surgical margin of resection is inked and step-sectioning reveals an apparent homogenous appearing tan mass without areas of significant hemorrhage or necrosis. This mass has dimensions of 3.7 x 3.5x 2.2 cm and which approaches to within 1 mm of the inked surgical margin of resection. Additionally noted is a 0.8 x 0.5 cm site of possible renal capsule traversed tumor to be confirmed microscopically. This area has been over inked with black ink. It is important to note that the specimen has been received in the gross room at having the perinephric fat previously stripped which may have. created artifactual disruption of this renal capsule (see cassette A1 and A2). Careful examination of the previously disrupted perinephric fat reveals no gross evidence of tumor involvement. Sections are submitted as follows: A1,2  representative sections of kidney with tumor and possible extracapsular extension to be confirmed microscopically;

--- Page 2 ---
A3-6  additional representative sections of kidney tumor approaching closest renal surgical margin of resection; A7,8 representative sections of grossly uninvolved perinephric fat. Gross photographs are taken. Part B is received additionally labeled "deep margin" and consists of a single portion of tan irregular soft tissue which is 1 x 0.4 x 0.2 cm submitted in toto in cassette B Microscopic Description: The final diagnosis of each specimen incorporates the microscopic examination findings. END OF REPORT