
--- Page 1 ---
ENT INFORMATION RMATION UUID: B6841E65-9EFD-4F60-A4F0-68270AC39015 TCGA-FV-A4ZP-01A-PR Redacted SPECIMEN INFORMA HION Accession # Aoct / Reg #: SURGICAL PAThOLOgy REPORT DIAGNOSIS DIAGNOSIS: A. Sott tissue (abdominal nodule), blopsy: Benign soft tissue with tat necrosis and fibrosis. B. Liver (lett lobe), wedge resection: Hepatocellular carcinoma, moderately differentiated, with vascular invaslon, and extension to the inked surgical excision margin. C. Galibtadder, cholecystectomy: Benign gallbiadder with mild chronic cholecystitie; cholelithiasis. D. Liver (additional loft lobe), blopsies: Hepatocellular carcinoma with vascular Invaslon; tumor appears to extend to the cauterized edges ot the biopsy. IA  hee reviewed the siver sections and concurs with the diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinomas.. The histomorphoiogy and the irmmunostains support a diagnosis of hepatocelluler carcinoma in spite of the negative Hepar stain. The reason for the negative stain is not evident as both the intemal and extemal controls stained appropriately. Meianoms and adrenal cortical carcinoma are the two other diagnostic considerations. Melanoma is exctuded by the negative Melan-A and S-1o0; adrenal cortical carcinoma is excluded by the constellation of  morphology and immunostaining results.  CLINICAL INFORMA JION CLInICAL. HISTOry:  Preoperative Diagnosis: Hepatocellular carcinoma Postoperative Diagnosis: 1cs-0-3 Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: Cmcirmr, hgntcllulw,Nvs 817Uf3 SPECIMENS: A. Abdominal nodule, rule out METS S.tx : liner C21.0 B. Left liver lobe C. Gabladder hw D. Additional ieft lobe Iive? uJ4/1> Gross Description: SPECIMEN DATA A. The first container A is labeled . A and abdominal nodule rule out METS and consists of a yelow-tan nodule measuring 1.0 x 1.0 x 0.5 cm.. The spscimen is bisectod. One-half of the specimen was examined at the time of surgery. The specinen is subsequently entirely submitted in cassettes .. as follows: frozen soction--1; remainder of specimen--2. B. The second container 8 is labeled.  grams. The surface is gray to red-tan with areas of hemorrhegic adhesions. There are multiple gray-tan nodulos measuring from 1.0 x 1.0 x 0.7 cn to  and lef lobe fiver and consists of a portion of liver measuring 15.0 x 11.0 x 7.0 am and weighs 393. 11.0 x 10.0  2.0 cn. The nodules appear to invoive approximately 90% of the liver parenchyna. The surgical resected margin has been inked. There are surgical clips present at the surgical margin surrounding are two possible ducts. One of the possible duct appears to have tumor protruding through the lumen and is visible at the surgical margin. On sectioning the cut surface is paie tan feshy mutilobuiar with areas of homorrhage. There is abso an  ares of fbrous bands surrcunding yellow-tan firm tissue. The mass appears focaly less than 0.1 cm from the resected margin in the previously  mentioned area of possible duct. There is a rim of normal liver parenchyma that is yeilow to browm-tan. Attached ta one edge of the liver is a portion af indicate the specific loction fron where the biopry was takea. The image ud dingran ss oot ioteded iorephace s comoles reading of the hinal repoet. Page: 1of2

--- Page 2 ---
 SPECIMEN INFORMATION PATIENT INFORMATION #broadipoee tissue that is yeliow tan hemorrhagic measuring 6.0 x 2.0 x 1.0 can. On sectioning there is a ressel, 2.0 cm in iength and 0.3 cm in diameter that appears to show tumor within the lumen. Represontative sections were taken for genomic studies and placed in oranga cassetes labeled  Representative sections are submitted in cassettes 100807 A:D. Also recaived are.two cassettes, one yeilow and one green, iaboied I Pas folows: perpendicular section from margin in relationship to mass from possibls ducts--1 and 2; additional perpendicufar sections from margin in relationship to mass- : sections trom vessel near the resected-8; submitind portion of vessel with tumor-10. C. The third container C is iabeled cien, C and galibladder and consists of an intact galibladder. measuring 7.0 x 3.0 x 2.0 cm. The surface is gray. tan to purpla gray with adhesions. The galibladder wall measures 0.2 cn. The lining is velvety and bile stained. There are calculi identifiod. Representative sections are submitted in a singlo cassette D. The fourth container D is tabeked Ah, D and additional laft labe liver and cansiats of three separate brown-tan fragments of tiver meesuring 1.0 x 0.5 x 0.5 cm to 2.0 x 1.0 x 0.5 cm. The surfaces shows marked cautery artifact. The two larger pieces have been bisocted and the specimen is entrely submitted in cassettee 1 Mas foBows: smal fragment--1; second fragment bisected-2; third fragnent bicected--3. InTRA-OPERATiVE CONsULTATION: FSA: 'Negative for malignancy, fibrous tissue, infiammation' per  MICROSCOPIC'EXAMINATION: Section A, labeled "abdominal nodule" shows an area of fat necrosis with tibrosis. No metastatic malignancy is identified. Sectlons of the wedge biopsy of the loft lobe of the liver, speckmen B, shows multiple expanse isle nodules consisting of cords, nests, and trabeclar structures of a large cell malignant neaplasm having the architectural and cytologic characteristics of hepatocellular carcinoma. The tumor celis have large vesicular nuclei with prominent nuceoli, with scattered intranuclear cytoplasnic inclusions, and a moderate to large smount of pink, granular cytoplasn. Scattered mitoses are easily identified and there are occasional bl and multinucleated tumor cells with bizzare giant nuciear forms. These features are in sharp contrast to the adjacent normal fiver. There is evidenca of vascular invasion by the tumor. Tumor appears present at the inked surgical margins. A battary of immunohistochemical stains shows the turnor cells staining with CAM5.2 and focally with cytokeratin 20. A CD10 is done on biocks B3, 4, 7, and 8 and shows prominent staining cf bite canalicxl. A polyclona! CEA is uninterprstabla as it is over stained. The tumor cels are Immuno nogative with S100 prctein, Melan-A, cytokeratin 7, alpha-fetoprotein, and Hopar antigen. Control slides statned appropriately. Addtionaly,  reticulin stain periormed on block B3 shows an absence of reticulin in the tumor, in contradistinction to its presence in the adjacent normal liver. Section C shows a galbladder with mild chronic cholecystitis. There is no morphoioglc evidence of malgnancy, either primary or metastatic. Sections from specinon D. labelod "additional loft lobe of liver" disckosed nodutes of hepatoceluiar carcinoma in a fibrous stroma. Iron stains-show no stored iron. Trichrane stains highight a number of thkkened fibrous trabeculae coursing through the tumor. A reticulln stain shows a general lack of reticuin within the tunor proper. HIPAA Disc Dual/s DISQUALIFIS END