
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:AABC7EE2-E6E5-43A2-A4A1-B76E6C8BBC18 TCGA-UZ-A9PO-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT * AmenDeD * Patient Name: Accession #: Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Dat DOB: Sex: Male Received: Soc. Sec. #: Location:  Client: Physician(s): FInal Pathologic Diagnosis Right kidney, partial nephrectomy: Oncocytic papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 1,. Fuhrman grade 1-2, margins free of tumor; see comment.. Comment: Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment -Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, oncocytic papillary, type 1.. -Grade: Fuhrman grading for RCC: 1-2; 1: Small nuclei, minute or absent nucleoli. ICD-0.3 2: Slightly irregular, larger nuclei with nucleoli visible at 400x. Maximum tumor diameter: 3 cm. Areeneni yelpilorey NneIe -Site within kidney: Posterior-superior. 8Q60]3 -Renal pelvis: Not present. -Ureter: Not present. Site RYedrey N6g -Renal sinus: Not present.. 064.9 -Hilar renal veins: Not present.. Intrarenal veins and lymphatics: Normal, no tumor..  3|80|14 -Adrenal gland: Not present. -Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor does not penetrate capsule. Hilar lymph nodes (number positive/number of nodes): None identified.. Resection margins: Negative. -Proximity to nearest margin: 0.2 cm to the capsular margin. -Stage: pTlaNXMX. -Additional comments: Oncocytic papillary renal cell carcinoma is a distinct variant among the papillary renal cell carcinomas (see reference below). The papillary architecture and presence of necrosis argue. against a diagnosis of oncocytoma. Dr  has reviewed the case and concurs with the diagnosis. Both the specimen and requisition are labeled "left kidney mass" while data in. dictated note by  Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Pand operative note) indicate that the mass is located in the right kidney. Dr.. was contacted and verified that the specimen is from the right kidney. Reference: Lefevre M, Couturier J, Sibony M, Bazille C, Boyer K, Callard P, Vieillefond A, Allory Y. Adult papillary renal. tumor with oncocytic cells: clinicopathologic, immunohistochemical, and cytogenetic features of 10 cases. Am J. Surg Pathol. 2005 Dec;29(12):1576-81. This report has been amended to correctly identify the operated kidney as *right*.. Specimen(s) Received A:Left kidney mass Clinical History. The patient is a. year-old man. No further history is provided. Review of indicates the patient has an enhancing right posterior-superior renal mass.. Gross Descriptiond The specimen is received fresh in one part, labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "left kidney mass." It consists of a section of kidney with attached perirenal fat. The entire specimen. measures 6 x 4 x 3.5 cm. The kidney measures 3 x 3 x 2.5 cm. The kidney resection margin is inked blue,. while the radial margin is inked in black. Sectioning reveals a 3-cm red-yellow lesion in the kidney that approaches to within O.2 cm of the renal capsule, but appears to be entirely encapsulated. This tumor also. extends to within O.4 cm of the biue inked margin. A sample of the tumor is submitted for tumor banking.. Representative sections are submitted in cassettes Al-A4. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Final diagnosis made by attending pathologist following review of all pathology slides.. Pathotogy Resident. Electronicaily signed out on (d h 1/b/14 Page 2 of 2