
--- Page 1 ---
CGA-A6-2672 SPECIMEN Right colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Colon cancer GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh, subsequently fixed in formalin labelled "right colon" which is partially covered with pink-tan smooth glistening serosa and yellow lobular fat. The specimen shows a 6.5 x 0.7 cm appendix and the specimen is predominately covered with abundant yellow lobular fat. The specimen is opened and has a 6.5 cm portion of small bowel and 26 cm of cecum and colon. The specimen shows a large ectophytic mass which is 7.0 x 5.5 x 1.2 cm. This is located 6.5 cm from the distal margin. The cut surface of the tumor shows gross invasion into the muscularis propria, however, showing possible invasion into the fat. This comes within 6.5 cm of the radial margin. No other discrete gross lesions are identified. The average circumference of the small bowel is 4.0 cm and the average circumference of the cecum and colon is 7.0 cm. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: BLock summARy: 1 - representative luminal margins and ileocecal valve; 2 - representative section of appendix with proximal end inked; 3~5 - representative sections of tumor to normal and fat; 6 radial margin with lymph node at radial margin; 7-8 - nine possible lymph nodes; 9 - six possible lymph nodes; 10 - three possible 1ymph nodes; 11 - three possible lymph nodes; 12 - one possible lymph node from near radial margin; 13-14 - one lymph node bisected. RS-14.

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma.. Histologic grade: Moderately-differentiated. Primary tumor: pT3 (carcinoma penetrates through the muscularis propria, into the subserosal fat).. Proximal margin: Negative. Distal margin: Negative. Circumferential (radial) margin:. Negative.. Vascular invasion: Probable Regional lymph nodes. pN): One of twenty-nine lymph nodes with. metastatic carcinoma Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified. Other findings: Appendix with serosal fat necrosis and otherwise unremarkable; small bowel unremarkable. 5 DIAGNOSIS Right Colon with appendix, small bowel, right hemicolectomy: Adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated, with invasion through the muscularis propria, into the subserosal fat (pT3). Margins of excision negative.. One of twenty-nine lymph nodes with metastatic carcinoma