
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-B9-5156 Surgical Pathology Report Diagnosis: Left kidney, partial laparoscopic nephrectomy  Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, papillary subtype Histologic grade (if applicable): Fuhrman grade 3 of 4 Tumor size (greatest dimension): 1.7 cm Extent of tumor invasion: Capsular invasion/perirenal adipose tissue: Tumor invades into renal capsule; perirenal fat negative for carcinoma Gerota' s fascia: negative for carcinoma Renal vein: not applicable Ureter: not applicable Venous (large vessel): not identified Lymphatic (small vessel): not identified Histologic assessment of surgical margins: Perirenal adipose tissue: negative for malignancy Gerota' s fascia: negative for malignancy Adrenal gland: not present Lymph nodes: none identified Other significant findings: - Tumor is 0.5 cm from the surgical margin. - Mild glomerulosclerosis and arteriosclerosis. - Benign simple cyst.. AJCC Staging: pT1a pNx This staging information is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending clinical review and additional information. Clinical History: The patient is with a clinical diagnosis of a left renal mass. As, radiology showed an enhancing left renal mass, suspicious for renal cell carcinoma. Gross Description:. Specimen fixation: Formalin Type of specimen: Partial, laparoscopic Side of specimen: Left. Size and weight of specimen: 17.3 grams; 3.6 x 3.5 x 2.9 cm Orientation: The capsule has been previously inked black and the parenchymal margin of resection has been inked

--- Page 2 ---
blue. Presence/absence of adrenal gland: Absent. Tumor description/site: The tumor is located in the cortex of the kidney and directly abuts the capsule; the lesion appears encapsulated and is yellow/brown in color with no cysts identified.. Tumor size: 1.7 x 1.5 x 1.4 cm. Presence/absence of multicentricity: Absent (cannot assess without complete nephrectomy). Confinement/non-confinement to the kidney: Confined Extent of invasion:. Perirenal adipose tissue: Tumor does not grossly involve. Gerota' s fascia: Does not grossly involve. Renal vein: Not present Ureter: Not present Other organs: Not applicable Surgical margins: Perirenal adipose tissue: Negative, directly adjacent Renal vein: Not present Renal artery: Not present Ureter: Not present Description of kidney away from tumor: Tan/brown tissue with the average cortex measuring 4.6 cm in average  medullary area measuring 1.0 cm. Lymph nodes (hilar): Not present Other significant findings: The tumor is located 0.5 cm away from the blue inked parenchymal margin of resection Tissue submitted for special investigations: Yes. Digital photograph taken: No Block Summary: Inking: Capsule/black, parenchymal margin of resection/blue. A1 - Perinephric fat margin A2 - Tumor with closest approach margin of resection. A3-A7 - Additional sections of tumor A8 - Normal kidney. Light Microscopy: Light microscopic examination is performed