
--- Page 1 ---
CGA-A6-4107 SPECIMEN Right colon CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNosIS: Right colon cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh labeled "right colon" is a previously. unopened 17 cm. segment of proximal right colon with. attached 13.5 cm. of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to slightly scabrous tan-pink serosa with a copious amount of attached mesocolon and mesentery. A 4.7 cm. unremarkable appendix ranging from 0.5 to 0.8 cm. in diameter is present. The proximal and distal margins measure 4.0 and 6.5 cm. in circumference respectively. On opening, there is a circumferential, 7.8 x 4.6 cm. lobulated soft tan-pink lesion 8 cm. distal to the ileocecal valve. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal thickness of 1.4 cm. and appears to grossly extend through the muscularis focally. The tumor is greater than 3 cm. from the inked free serosal. surface. The ileal mucosa is finely nodular tan-pink with irregular folds and the wall averages 0.5 cm. in thickness. The uninvolved colonic mucosa is unremarkable glistening tan-pink with irregular folds and the wall averages 0.5 cm. in thickness as well. Multiple soft to slightly rubbery tan pink-red tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 1.4 cm. in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. Representative sections are submitted in 17 blocks as labeled. Rs-17 BLOcK suMMARy: 1 - Proximal and distal margins; 2-5 - central tumor; 6 - closest inked radial serosal surface subjacent to tumor; 7 - Icv; 8 - random ileum and colon; 9 - appendix; 10-12 - eight whole lymph nodes per cassette; 13, 14 - six whole lymph nodes per cassette; 15, 16 - one trisected lymph node per cassette; 17 - one

--- Page 2 ---
GROSS DESCRIPTION bisected lymph node. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A summary of the microscopic findings for this right colon resection is in the template below. Histologic type: Invasive adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade: Moderately differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the muscularis propria into the superficial pericolonic fat (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative for tumor. Distal margin: Negative for tumor. Circumferential (radial) margin: Negative for tumor. Distance of tumor from closest margin: 19 cm from distal margin. Vascular invasion: Not identified. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic adenocarcinoma is identified in 2/28 lymph nodes (pN1b).. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified. Distant metastasis (pm): Can not evaluate pMx. Other findings: The appendix demonstrates endometriosis. COMMENT : MSI testing was requested by the surgeon. Block 2 has been sent to. for msr testing and that report will be sent to office. 5 DIAGNOSIS A. Colon, right, ileocolectomy:. Invasive moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, invasive through muscularis propria into fat (pT3). DIAGNOSIS 2of 28 lymph nodes positive for metastatic adenocarcinoma (pN1b). Resection margins are negative for carcinoma. Appendix with endometriosis.. End Of Report..