
--- Page 1 ---
TD e 3 UUID: E2B9489B-520E-4BBB-ADF1-4981E1C3374D TCGA-V4-A9EV-01A-PR Redacted Mlanm ypithuliciol +opndle 877/3 seiI misol Ste Chorsi( eiY.3 MueaI tsJ Cb9.41 Enucleation of the right eye JtJ31i11y Macroscopy The eyeball mesures 24X23 mm main lines with a segment of optic nerve of 2 mm At the section, a pigmented tumor measuring 18X15 mm is observed. Tissue specimens are taken for genetic studies, tumor xenografts and cryopreservation prior fixation. The specimen has been included entirely.. Su Rath diserpsucy f fom fr lpitelioi'd Microscopy The tumor observed macroscopically presents the histological aspect of an uveal melanoma. This tumor is composed mainly of fusiform cells (60%), rather small size with moderate atypias. Some large cells with strong cytonuclear atypias are also observed. Some tumor cells present melanin. The mitotic activity is inconspicuous. There is no necrosis. Topographically, the tumor is developed at distance of the ciliary body and of the optic nerve. The optic nerve is free of tumor on its entire course. There is no sclera tumor extension, and no tumor embolisms. Conclusion Uveal melanoma of the right eye. Fusiform cells predominant (60%). Epithelioid cells : 40% Tumor size: 18 mm main line. Mitotic activity: low. No scleral extension. Optic nerve on its entire course, optic nerve cut end and meningeal sheaths free of tumor. hv 13/3a/l3

--- Page 2 ---
TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form V4.00 Instructlons: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis. documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (Tss): -.. TSS Identifier: . TSs Unique Patient Identifier: ... Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): .... Completed Date:  Diagnosis Information Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions 40% epithelioid cells Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s) documented on Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for. Provided on Initial this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. 60% spindle cells Pathology Report Histologic features of 61-90% epithelioid cells Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case  the sample provided Quality Control Form completed for this case.  for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% spindle cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form Provide the reason for  Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial. The section of the frozen sample used for sending  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the  the discrepancy  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor. diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form.. where the epithelioid part is predominant.. report and the TCGA Case Quality Control Form. The percentages mentioned on the initial Pathology Report correspond to an average on the whole embedded sections used for establish the.. Pathology Report. Name of TsS Reviewing Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case. Pathologist or for TCGA.  Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution Is true and correct and has been qualtty controlled.. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director Date I acknowiedge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quallty controlled. The Attending Pathologlst or ths Department Chatrman has been informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses.. Principal Investigator Signature Date