
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:C1ABCD83-40EA-4FF7-BE36-69679589E8E7 TCGA-AC-A2FG-01A-PR Redacted Collectedt Accesslon #: Recelved: Acct / Reg #: Reported: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT DIAGNOSIS DIAGNOSIS: A. Lent breast anxtaxillary contents, radical mastectomy: Tumor Characterlstics: Histotogic typet InvasNs lobular carcinoma.*? 2. Size: 2.1 cm inear messurement as measured on sllde A3. 3. Elston modification of Bloom-Rlchardson grade: a.Architectural Score:3/3. b. Nuclear Score: 3/3. C.Mitotic Score: 1/3. d.Total score: 7/9 = Grade: 2. 1CS-0-3 4 Lymphovascular space invasion: No. 5 Skin Involvement: No. Are microcalcifications identified In assoclation with tumor: No. c50.9 Sit: breast Nos 7 In situ component: Absent Surgical Margin Status: 1. Is tumor transected: No. 2. Tumor distance to closest margin: 0.7 cm from deep margin Lymph Node Status: 1. Total number of lymph nodes examined within spedmen A: Ten. 2. Total number of lymph nodes contalning metastatic carcinoma by gross exam or light microscopy: One. 3. Size of largest metastasis: 0.25 cm. 4 Extra-capsular extension of tumor: Yes. Other: Other slgnificant findings: Focus of fibrosls and hemorrhage compatible with prior biopsy site; mild fibrocystic change featuring apocrine metaplasia; focal florld ductal hyperplasla. B. Lymph node, left axillary, excision: Isolated single cell micrometastases identified with immunohistochemistry (pancytokeratin), not Identified on H&E. Electronic Slgnature: -*- COMMENTS: Thls case has been reviewed by  Breast cardnoma prognostic Indicator analysis was performed on the blopsy specimen A repeat of this analysis on the present specimen will not be obtalned unless requested by the primary ctinician. No definite tumor is Identifted with the H&E stalned sllde of the permanent control of the frozen sectlon materia) (Specimen B - Left axillary node). pTNM: T2N1MX. CL.INICAL INFORMATION

--- Page 2 ---
CLINICAL. INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis: Postoperative Dlagnosis:e Symptoms/Radiologlc Findings: SPECIMENS:D A. Left breast and axillary contents B.Axillary node (left) SPECIMEN DAIA GrOSS DescrIpTIOn: A labeled left breast and axillary contents Is a 581 gram left modified radical mastectomy specimen, 23.8 x 11.5 x 3.5 cm. The specimen is  partially covered by a 21.1 x 9.9 cm ellpse of tan skin. Eccentrically located is a non-retracted nipple surrounded by areola complex, 2.8 cm in diameter. The specimen Is Inked and sectoned to display a clrcumscribed tan white fibrous appearing nodule, 2.9 x 2.8 x 2.7 cm. The lesion is 0.7 cm from the  deep inked margin.. The remainder of the cut surface displays at least 50% interspersed blue-pink fibrous tissue. Additlonal lesions are nordentifled. The axillary contents measure 8.2 x 5.5 x 1.7 cm. On sectoning and palpaton, nine lymph nodes are kdenuned ranging from 0.3 to 1.4 cm in greatest. dimenslon.d Representative sections are submitted as follows: 1--nipple; 2-leslon to inked margin; 3 and 4--additlonal sectlons of leslon; 5--uninvoived tissue lower outer quadrant; 6--upper outer quadrant; 7--upper inner quadrant; &--ower inner quadrant; 9 and 10--individual nodes In each cassette; 11--one node blsected; 12--two whole nodes. Two cassettes for research ' Habeled axillary node !eft is a prevlously bisected tan yellow lymph node received for frozen, 1.5 x 0.6 x 0.4 cm, entirely resubmitted in one cassette l MB/map INTRA-OPERATIVE CONSULTATION: FSB: 'No definite tumor Identified per  MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION: Microscopic examination performed.