
--- Page 1 ---
PATH LOCIC DIAGNOSIS: APT RADNEY: RENAL cRh.CArCINOMA.chxomgpiOberype.6.9cm. The tumox ic ront ined to the kidney. Fuhman grade Ilot Iv. varcuar, ureier and sofl ticsue mnrglns are negatiye fcr cumor. No Lympnovauelar invaxion identisied. A6tn di.onT1b Nx MX. repr cted aa an acdr. CLI ICAL DATA: Mis ry None give. Opeation: Laparosropi lett rodica nepnrectomy Qpc acive Findjng None given. iical piagnosis: Lft renal mags. TIS:UE SUMITTED: A/1 Lefr kidncy. ORO.ORSCRIPTION The specimen t received frenhlabelcd with the pocicnt name,unit numbex,  .Let kidcey.and consios 506 gn.23.0x 12.8 6.0 cn let wt.6.xa.0 x1. n let adreno gland.attacned avzrounding adipose in uc end a Js.r.s cm patch ot Cerota fascia ic present, and nan been inkk.e.Hi.i rcgin exhibite.cmurctericiameter.4 cm1. en rtry ameter 1.5 mand 1.3 cm renul vein maximum diameter i.6 cm. The ptme hos been sntirely inked and bivulved, revealing a sircumsczihed, pr icy encapsuleted can/pink to tan/ynliow (6. x.7x 2.s cm abutting and Diok ked mrgi cnd abteing te cenal pelvis. Mas is J0.u cm trom tle ure era.maxgin.0 cm co tharrerial murgin.and 3.a cm from the renal vein marin. Macs demns.rare centra focel necrosi(2st of surfaces.and Lo ralciyutin l.5 cm. and ncant hemorrhage located within the upper pole. Note: Tisne allocation for spccimen states closest black inked margin as vithn 3.2 cm upon turther coctioniny of she rumor clcsest black inked m gin s within .5 cm. This tiue is freely.nobila over the underlying exande renal canic. Remaining renal. parenchyma is grossly unremarkabie, w dstinct cor icnl medilary jonction and no additiona lesions grossly rthej ium is likwe unremarkabic. Adranal glan is grorsly uninvolved by r.and is recivd diorupted h is ccherwise wnremakeble quetonahly or ple. Renresencative rimcr has keen nent for EM, cytogenetico and tiasue buk. Pepresentav normal renal parenchyma and adrenal gland have sbmicr.ed ro igaue bank. Represenlativn norma. rena paxenchyma (cortex lac been sumitced for E and F. Mi.2o  Vasclax, ureteral margin.3 frags. M.rn A2 Tinoue in cascetre cesignated rri Mi ro A3 Tmor rsnal cansule closeot hlack inked margin 3 frags, trag Mi r4 Tumor and surroanding ninvolved renal parenchyna,a fxage ML ro A Foeally eleified tumor tiollowing decal),I frog, Mi r6 Uninvived ronal paronchyma uninvoived adrenal gland  trags, RSS. PageI of2

--- Page 2 ---
p.rsonally condute a microncopic cxamination gronn only exam if so stated riat thercco. PTHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS EALUATXON OF TH: KIDNEY PARENCHYMA NOT ANVOLYED DY TUMOR: NEPHRECTOMY SPECMEN FXDNEY PARENCHYMA WETHOUT SXCNTFICANT PATHOLONTCAL CHANGES (SEE NOTE) ARTERIA ANLAFTEKICLAR SCIEROHISWITH SUBINTIMAI HYALINOSIS. MILD TO MODERATESRRNOTE NC The kidney rarenchyma of this nephrectomy specimen does not reveal Mimificant chance on the glomeruli or of the cubulointexstitial comparcment; th re i no cvidonce tor an ative glomeruiar inlamnatory process or tu ulointrstitia injury. The biopsy shows only mild ca mderate chronic va .culnr injury. MI RCSCOPIC DESCRIPTIOH he mampic consigrs of kidney cortes and medule. There re up ce On nondxed (loo) giomeruli presene in the cample submicteri tox ligh mi roscopy. Glomennii with glcbal sclerosis arn not recognced. The gicmeruli sh.w a preserved arcaitccture. wth pranetvation of the mcrangial mrrix and ce llar element. Tnere is no evidence ot active collulr prolfercicn ox in lannntion. On PAs and Jones  silvor methcramine stain.rhe glonerular ba.ement membrane appear deijcate. wihout sianificant irroguiariticn. No do ble oncours c pikelike lesion re recogrized. vauolization win moderae amount o hyaline cats in che disraj tbuleo. Tbules revea mil Thre is mild sybla atrophy. Les than st ot te canple chows tubuinr acrophy and interntitial tibrosis as The incarotitiun raveals also mild ibrnsis. ev:deced on the richrome tains Aro Aterent end afcel. arteriols show miid scierosis an hyalin Axrariec reveal. moderate intimal th vecsei wal