
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:3552E70E-B26A-426D-993C-0D1A3CC9442B TCGA-4A-A93Y-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORT Patient: Result ID: Accession: DOB: Age. Sex: F Account:  Date Collected: MRN: Date Received: Patient Requested by Date Reported: Clinical Data: Left renal mass FInAL pathologic diagnosis ICD 03 Left kidney, radical nephrectomy with adrenal gland: Papillary renal cell carcinoma. Unremarkable adrenal gland. Synoptic RepORt Tumor site: Left kidney, superior pole yJ 3/2w(14 Tumor size: Greatest dimension: 12.5 cm Tumor focality: Unifocal Microscopic extent of tumor: Tumor timited to kidney Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 2 Margins: Uninvolved by invasive carcinoma Gerota's fascial margin: Negative for tumor Renal vein margin: Negative for tumor Ureteral margin: Negative for tumor Regional lymph nodes: One hilar lymph node is negative for tumor (0/1) Additional findings: Unremarkable adrenal gland Pathologic Tumor Stage: pT2b pN0 Pathologist, Electronic Signature Intradepartmental consultation: SpEcimen(s) SubmItteD: gROss DescriptiOn Left kidney: In formalin labeled "left kidney" is a 762 gram, 16.5 x 11.5 x 10 cm nephrectomy specimen with attached perinephric fat, attached 8 cm of ureter., and a 6 cm attached adrenal gland. Upon sectioning in the superior pole, there is a. 12.5 cm in greatest dimension lobulated tumor. The cut surfaces of the tumor are lobulated mottled orange-red to brown, with  diffuse hemorrhage and necrosis. The tumor abuts and elevates the renal capsule; however, no definitive invasion beyond the capsule into the perinephric fat is appreciated. The tumor also appears to abut the renal pelvic/calyceal mucosa, with no gross invasion into or through the mucosa. No involvement of the ureter or gross involvement of the vasculature is appreciated. The remaining cut surfaces are pink-brown renal parenchyma with a defined corticomedullary junction. The cut surfaces of the  adrenal gland are mottled grey-orange to brown, with no tumor involvement. There is a '1.3 cm lymph node at the kldney hilum. Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT - CONTINUED Patient:  Resuit ID:  Accession: The perinephric soft tissue margin is inked black. Representative sections submitted in six cassettes, as follows: A - ureter and vascular margins; B - tumor to renal capsule and inked perinephric soft tissue margin; C - tumor to renal capsule; D - tumor to renal pelvis/calyces; E - uninvolved kidney and adrenal gland; and F - hilar lymph node, bisected. Following initial microscopic evalation, additional sections of tumor are submitted as G-I. CPT CODE(S): ICD-9 CODE(S): FACILITY: [1890] 88309, 88307 END OF REPORT 12|13/13