
--- Page 1 ---
OLOGY REPORT DIAGNOSIS: A.Deep margin left renal mass,biopsy with frozen section Benign renal parenchymanegative for malignancy. Frozen section diagnosis confirmed. B.Left renal mass, partial nephrectomy Tumor Characteristics: 1.Histologic type:Papillary renal cell carcinoma, solid variant. Tumor siteLeft kidney 3.Tumor focality:Unifocal. 4.Tumor size2.5x2.2x2.0 cm. 5.Macroscopic/microscopic extent of tumor: Tumor is confined to kidney. 6.Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade 2/4. 7. Lymphovascular space invasion: No. 8.Sarcomatoid features:No. Surgical Margin Status: 1.Resection margins are free of carcinoma. However, one focus of tumor extends into,but not through the capsule and is within O.5 mm of an inked margin Lymph Node Status: Not applicable. Other: 1. Other significant findings: Non-neoplastic renal tissue with no pathologic findings. 2.pTNM stageT1a Nx Mx. COMMENTS: The neoplasm consists of mostly a solid pattern with focal papillary architecture at the peripheryand also contains a proliferation of foamy histiocytes within the tumor. Rare psammoma bodies are seen within the tumor.These features are most consistent with a solid variant of papillary renal cell carcinoma For CLINICAL INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis: Renal and ureteral disease NOS Postoperative Diagnosis Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: A.Deep margin left renal mass B.Deep renal mass SPECIMENDAT GROSS DESCRIPTION A. The container is received labeled eep margin left renal mass.The specimen consists of a piece of gray-tan to yellow-tan soft tissue,0.6 x 0.5 x 0.3 cm.The specimen was examined at the time of surgery and the frozen section is subsequently entirely submitted in a single cassette labele B.The container is received labeled 1, leit renal mass.The specimen consists of a wedge section of kidney measuring 5.0 x 3.0 x 2.2 cm. The soft tissue margin is inked.On secuioningtnere is a circumscribed gray-tan mass measuring 2.5 x 2.2 x 2.0cmthat comes within 0.1 cm of the inked soft tissue margin.Received with the specimen are two cassettes, one green and one yellow labeled with the yellow additionally labeled-16 and the green additionally labeled-17.Representative sections are submitted in four cassettes

--- Page 2 ---
INTRA-OPERATIVE CONSULTATION: FROZEN SECTION DIAGNOSIS:Negative for malignancy