
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN Right hemicolectomy CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Hepatic flexure cancer POST-OP DIAGNOSIS: Same GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh in a container labeled "right hemicolectomy". is a segment of bowel consisting of 6 cm of terminal ileum with contiguous 23 cm of proximal colon. The serosal surface is glistening and tan-pink, and there is a moderate amount of attached adipose tissue.  There is an unremarkable appendix present, measuring 6.5 cm long x 0.7 cm in diameter. On cut surface, it is without focal lesion, without gross evidence of inflammation. The bowel measures 3.6 cm and 8 cm in circumference at the proximal and distal resection margins respectively. The bowel is opened, and there is a circumscribed 5.3 x 5 cm rubbery white-pink mass located. 11 cm proximal to the distal margin. A portion of tumor and of normal tissue ar submitted  for the clinical requested. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximum thickness of 1.6. cm, and grossly extends through the musuclaris propria and into surrounding adipose tissue. It is 1 cm from the outer surface of the specimen.  The remainder of the bowel wall averages 0.5 cm thick and has a tan-pink glistening mucosa with a normal pattern and folds. The adipose tissue is dissected, and soft tan lymph nodes are identified up to 1.8 cm in greatest dimension..  RS-17, following fixation. BLOCK SUMMARY: 1 - proximal and distal resection margins; 2-6  tumor, including relation to uninvolved tissue; 7 - ileocecal valve;  - random colon; 9 - appendix; 10-12 - multiple lymph nodes per block; 13-15 - one sec ed lymph node per block; 16,17 - sectioned largest lymph node. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION The following template summaries the findings in this case: Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma of the colon Histologic grade:  Moderately differentiated Primary tumor (pT): Adenocarcinoma invades through the full thickness of the bowel wall and into surrounding adipose tissue (pT3). Proximal margin: Negative Distal margin:  Negative Circumferential (radial) margin:  Negative Distance of tumor from closest margin: See gross description Vascular invasion: Not identified Regional lymph nodes (pN): pN1c. Twenty-one negative lymph nodes are identified and they are negative for malignancy. However in block #12, on deeper levels, there is a tumor nodule identified in. fat without histologic evidence of residual lymph node tissue, and

--- Page 2 ---
given the presence of this tumor deposit, this is pNlc. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: See above Other findings: Appendix without specific diagnostic abnormalities. DIAGNOSIS Terminal ileum, appendix, and right colon, excision - Moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of the colon, invading through the full thickness of the muscularis propria and into surrounding adipose tissue (see microscopic description). - Margins negative for malignancy. Tumor deposit identified in pericolonic fat, and twenty-one lymph nodes negative for malignancy (pNlc). ifiC malities.  End Of Report