
--- Page 1 ---
tiobgRen SaRonsvaNor u Received Date/Time Final Reporting Information Date/Time : Final Histopathologist Laboratory : Consultant-In-Charge Final Submitting Physician Final Histopathology Report Final DIAGNOSIS Small intestine and sigmoid colon: Diffuse large. B-cell lymphoma.. Comment: The specimen shows lymphomatous involvement by diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. The phenotype is in keeping with germinal centre. B-cell (gcb) type by Hans' criteria although the expression of Foxpl and weak immunostaining for LM02 has been reported in the activated B-cell (ABC) subtype. GROSS DESCRIPTION The specimen is received in formalin, labelled with patient's data, and designated "small bowel tumour with sigmoid colon". It consists of an enblock resection of small bowel tumour mass together with adherent segments of small and large bowel..  The small bowel loops are twisted and kinked, with part of. them entrapped within the encircling tumour mass,  measuring in total approximately 70cm in length and 8cm in diameter. The tumour mass measures 15 x 14 x 9cm, located 7cm from far end and 4cm from near end of the small bowel. It has a fish-flesh pale pink appearance on cut sections. The large bowel is attached to the external surface of the tumour mass, measuring 9cm in length and 4.5cm in circumference. The mucosa of the bowel appears unremarkable. The external surface of the tumour is inked blue..  Also received a piece of cross stapled bowel measuring 6 x 3.5 x 1cm.. No discrete lesions are seen. No definite lymph nodes are identified in this specimen.. (Al-far margin of small bowel, A2-near margin of small bowel, A3&A4-shaved margins of large bowel, A5 to A8-tumo!.  with entrapped small bowel,. A9&A10-tumour with adjacent mucosa) MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Sections show a transmural lymphomatous infiltrate in the small intestine, featuring a diffuse infiltrate of large lymphoid cells with scattered tingible body macrophages, imparting a focally 'starry sky' appearance. Neoplastic cells. display vesicular chromatin, moderate nuclear pleomorphism, prominent nucleoli and scattered mitoses. Immunohistochemistry confirms the neoplastic lymphoid cells to be of B-cell lineage with expression of cD20 and pax5. They co-express. germinal centre markers cD10, bcl6 and heterogeneous staining for Lmo2. At the same time there is also weak and heterogeneous expression of muml, as well as strong immunoreactivity for FoxPl. No residual follicular dendritic meshworks are seen with immunostaining for cd2l. The proliferation fraction is high at >90% and there is strong expression of the anti-apoptotic molecule bcl2 in most. tumour cells, thereby excluding Burkitt lymphoma. Immunohistochemical stains with cD2o and pAx5 demonstrate scattered small B lymphocytes and cD3 stains T lymphocytes. No marked expansion of these cells are seen