
--- Page 1 ---
I@D-3 acted Reda lderdcare.uusmo ductNsS 85C|3 Site; Pneeao Nos CQ5.9 J>c/5liy Age:  male Surgery date: Macroscopy 1. Resection of the pancreas: unfixed, 4.5x3.5x0.7 cm large lamellae of the pancreas. The tissue is grey- yellowish, fibrotic, focally diffuse indurated. The ductus pancreaticus is rather centrally oriented, max. 0.4 cm in diameter, slightly ectatic. The lamellae was cut in two halves and completely used for instantaneous section after removal of the clamping and cord material. 2. Lymph node ligamentum hepatoduodenale: fixed, several max. 2 cm large lymph nodes, the largest of. which with solid grey-white cutting area.. 3. Lymph node truncus coeliacus: fixed, 2.5 cm large focally indurated lamellae of fatty tissue. Materia! was embedded completely. 4. Pancreas and spleen, additional resection specimen of the pancreas: fixed, Whipple resection specimen in two parts with a 13x6x5 cm large pancreas, 15 cm long duodenum, and a 5 cm long ductus choledochus. Peripancreatic tissue max. 1.5 cm wide. Almost the complete pancreas is captured by a 12x5x4 cm large, relatively clear defined solid tumor with mostly solid white-yellowish cutting area. (tumor diameter of the first resected Whipple specimen was 6 cm, tumor diameter of the additional resection specimen of the tail was also 6 cm). At the cranial part of the tumor a 2.2. cm cyst. Wide. infiltration of the peripancreatic soft tissue and the lamina muscularis of the duodenum. The tumor is. not discernable dorsal from the resection margin of the pancreas. Peripancreatically several max. 2.2 cm. dense lymph nodes with solid grey-white cutting area. Distance of the resection margin of the ductus. choledochus 5 cm, to the resection margin of the duodenum oral 2 cm, to the aboral resection margin 10 cm. At the processus uncinatus regular lobular pancreatic parenchyma. Spleen weight 110 grams and 11x7x5 cm large focus. Ink mark: black resection margin dorsal, blue resection margin ventral. Attached is a 8x8x1 cm large omentum without tumor. Photo documentation. A. Tumor at the head of the pancreas/duodenum B. Tumor at the head of the pancreas/cyst c. Tumor/regular pancreatic parenchyma (processus unicinatus) D. Tumor/ductus choledochus. E. Tumor/resection margin dorsal/vessels (pancreas corpus) F. Tumor/resection margin ventral (tail of the pancreas) G.-J. Lymph nodes. K. Resection margin bile duct, resection margin duodenum oral L. Resection margin duodenum aboral. M. Speen and omentum Instantaneous section report:. 1. Positive malignancy, focally invasive carcinoma infiltrates, alongside extended high grade PanIN lesions (IPMN) (characterization after fixation)

--- Page 2 ---
Processed: 2 x instantaneous sections, 16 blocks, H&E, 2x EvG, 2xFe, 1x PAS, 2x complex macroscopy Microscopy 1. There are infiltrates of a mostly ductal adenocarcinoma. Focally the infiltrates extend to the adjacent. parapancreatic fatty tissue. Occasionally perineural growth. Focally high grade PaniN. In the vicinity. much desmoplastic reaction. Focally polarization-optically double defracted surgical thread. 2. detection of a lymph node metastasis of max. 2 cm in diameter (obviously intranodal) out of 2 total. lymph nodes. 3. Detection of 5 lymph nodes without tumor and atypical cell complexes (probably contaminating) 4. The macroscopically described tumor is composed of infiltrates of a mostly ductal and focally solid growing carcinoma. The tumor cells sometimes with bright cytoplasm. Moderately differentiated and focally high grade nuclear pleomorphia and distortion of the nucleus-cytoplasm relation and formation. of promiment nucleoli. The tumor cells partially infiltrate the tunica mucularis of the duodenum and up. to the submucosa. Here vessel invasion is seen. In addition, there is extended infiltration of the peripancreatic fatty tissue all the way up to the vessel containing fatty tissue. The tumor infiltrates. extend to the dorsal resection margin. In the adjacent pancreatic parenchyma there are some PanIN lesions. Detection of 5 lymph node metastases out of 14 lymph nodes. The resection margins of the small intestine and the ductus choledochus are without tumor. Spleen parenchyma without tumor and indication of chronic congestion. Short report on diagnostic findings Invasive, moderately differentiated ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, reaching from the head of the pancreas to the tail, max. 12 cm in diameter (1., 4.). Wide infiltration of the peripancreatic fatty tissue (1., 4.) and infiltration of the submucosa of the small intestine (4.) and focally infiltration of the tissue of the truncus coeliacus (3.). The dorsal resection margin and the resection at the truncus coeliacus took not place in the healthy tissue (3.). Detection of lymphovasular infiltration and extended perineural growth. Detection of 6 lymph node metastases out of 21 lymph nodes (2., 3., 4.) Resection margin from the ductus choledochus from small intestine and aboral without tumor and. spleen without tumor (4.). UlCC, 6th Edition 2002: pT4, pN1 (6/21), L1, V1, Pn1 Resection status: R1 (resection margin dorsal and at the truncus coeliacus) Grading: G2 bw i13if1y