
--- Page 1 ---
IQD c 3 8q60f3 Operative Procedure: Sit @Kiny NcS. Right laparoscopic nephrectomy C649 3|3|4 Specimen Received: Right kidney Final Pathologic Diagnosis: UUID:9E443ECF-C8CE-4AB7-ACF6-D64C50F661BC Kidney, right, laparoscopic nephrectomy. Redacted Tumor histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, type 2. Sarcomatoid features (%):  Not identified Tumor size: 4.8 cm (greatest dimension) Other dimensions: 3.7 x 3.5 cm Macroscopic extent of tumor: Confined to the kidney Focality: Unifocal Number of tumors: 1 Fuhrman grade: 3 of 4 Microscopic extent of tumor: Perinephric fat invasion: No Renal sinus invasion: No Other: Not identified Renal vein involvement:  No Adrenal gland present: No (If yes) Involved by tumor:  Not applicable (If yes) Direct invasion or metastasis:. Not applicable Cancer at resection margin: No (If yes) Location(s): Not applicable Pathologic findings in nonneoplastic kidney: Renal cortical cyst  Renomedullary interstitial cell tumor. Hilar lymph nodes present: Not identified (If yes) Number involved/number present:  Not applicable Pathologic stage (2010) pT1b pNx pM-not applicable The examination of this case material and the preparation of this report were performed by the staff pathologist. Gross Description: The specimen is received in formalin labeled with the patient name and additionally labeled, "right kidney' and consists of a kidney received with abundant perinephric fibroadipose tissue. The kidney has dimension of 11.5 x 7 x 5 cm. The attached ureter has a length of 5 cm and diameter of 0.4 cm. The specimen is received partially inked and partially incised. Sectioning through the specimen reveals a tan-brown, lobulated, fairly well-delineated mass in the mid portion of the kidney that has dimensions of 4.8 x 3.7 x 3.5 cm. This mass involves the renal sinus fat, focally abuts the wall at the renal vein and

--- Page 2 ---
focally extends to the renal capsule. The mass does not appear to extend beyond the renal capsule. The mass has a hemorrhagic, degenerative cut surface. A portion of the mass has been submitted to the Tissue Bank. Adjacent to. the mass is a cortical cyst that is 0.8 cm in greatest dimension that contains tan-brown fluid. The cyst lining is predominately smooth. There is a tan-white,n. well-delineated nodule that is 1.2 cm from the mass that has dimensions of 0.3 x 0.2 x 0.2 cm. The remaining, uninvolved renal parenchyma is pink-tan to. red-brown with a fairly well-delineated corticomedullary junction. The thickness of the cortex is up to 1.2 cm. The collecting system is lined by pink-tan,. granular mucosa. The capsule strips with some difficulty revealing a red-brown. to pink-tan, nodular surface.. The hilar fat is removed and has a weight of 15 g. Sectioning reveals no. definitive lymph nodes. Representative sections are submitted as follows:. 1  hilar margins en face; 2,3  mass to inked external surface;. 4 mass to capsule; 5 mass to renal sinus fat; 6  mass to renal sinus fat and wall of renal vein; 7 mass to uninvolved kidney; 8 cortical cyst adjacent to mass;. 9  well-delineated nodule adjacent to mass;. 10 uninvolved renal parenchyma; 11,12 hilar fat for possible lymph node capture.. Please note, multiple gross photographs are taken. Aiso there is no adrena! gland present. Microscopic Description: The final diagnosis of each specimen incorporates the microscopic examination findings. END OF REPORT Surgical Pathology Report Taken: DOB: Age: Gender: M W 13//13