
--- Page 1 ---
PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: A SPECIMEN DESIGNATED SIGMOID COLON,PARTIAL COLECTOMY(17 Cm: ADENocARcINOMA,low grade, moderately differentiated (4.9 cm in greatest dimension) Tumor forms a polypoid mass and has an infiltrating border. Tumor invades through muscularis propria. Invasive tumor is 5.0 cm from proximal resection margin,5.1 cm from distal resection margin, and 2.5 cm from radial resection margin. Lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Extramural venous invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified. Peritumoral lymphoid response (including Crohn?s-like infiltrate) is mild. Residual adenoma is absent. Regional lymph nodes (positive:total):2:13 see also part B. AJCc Classification (6th edition): T3 N1 MX. B. SPECIMEN DESIGNATED "ADDITIONAL PROXIMAL MARGIN: Segment of colon, negative for tumor Two lymph nodes,negative for tumor 0:2). C.SPECIMEN DESIGNATED "DISTAL DONUT Segment of colon, negative for tumor. D. SPECIMEN DESIGNATED PROXIMAL DONUT" Segment of colon, negative for tumor. CLINICAL DATA: History: Not provided. Operation: Sigmoid resection. Operative Findings: Not provided. clinical Diagnosis: Not provided. TISSUE SUBMITTED: A. sigmoid -staple side is proximal to Fs open + return B. additional proximal margin distal donut D.proximal donut GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh, in four parts, labeled with the patient's name and medical record number. Part A, "#1. Sigmoid, staple side is proximal, open and return",consists of one sigmoid colectomy (17.0 cm in length x 6.6 cm in diameter) with a proximal stapled resection margin (6.6 cm, inked black) and a distal open resection antimesenteric side is inked red where the bowel is opened by the prosector. The mucosal surface demonstrates one tan/pink fungating polypoid mass (4.9 x 4.5 x 1.6 cm) present 5.0 cm from the proximal resection margin5.1 cm from the distal stapled resection margin, and 2.5 cm from the radial resection

--- Page 2 ---
margin inked orange). The tumor grossly invades into the muscularis, but not the pericolonic fat. There is a white/tan soft nodule (? necrotic lymph node metastasis (1.5 x 0.9 x 1.5 cm which is present in the mesentery adjacent and 2.0 cm from the main mass and 1.1 cm from the radial margin. The remainder of the mucosa is tan/brown and unremarkable. Twelve candidate lymph nodes are identified, the largest measuring 0.7 cm in greatest dimension. Gross photographs are taken. Micro Al: Proximal and distal stapled resection margins,2 frags, Micro A2:Tumor,2 frags, Micro A3 through A4: Tumor with deepest extent of invasion, 1 frag each Micro A5 through A6: Tumor to normal mucosa,1 frag each, Micro A7 through A8:Mesenteric nodule 1 frag each, Micro A9: Radial margin,1 frag, Micro Al0: Normal mucosa,1 frag, Micro A20 through A22: Representative sections of fat, Part B,"#2.Additional proximal margin"consists of one unoriented segment of colon (1.1 cm in length x 2.5 cm in diameter) with two stapled resection margins (4.5 cm inked black,4.1 cm inked blue) with attached mesentery (2.1 x 6.0 cm). No lesions are grossly identified.Two candidate lymph nodes are identified, the largest measuring 0.5 cm in greatest dimension. Micro B1 through B2: Proximal margin,full gth sections,2 frags each, Micro B3: Candidate lymph nodes,3 frags, Micro B4 through B5: Additional adipose tissue, multi frags each, Part C," #3.Distal donut"consists of one segment of colon 0.8 cm in length x 2.5 cm in diameter). No lesions are grossly identified. Micro C1 through C2: Distal donut2 to 3 frags each Part D#4Proximal donutconsists of one metal disc 2.8x 2.8 x0.5 cm with an attached stem(4.4 cm in length x 0.7 cm in diameter) with a segment of colon (0.5 cm in length x 1.2 cm in diameter.No lesions are grossly identified. The metal object is submitted for gross examination only. Micro Dl: Proximal donut, 1 frag, By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto.