
--- Page 1 ---
Resident: Pathologis PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: SPECIMEN LABELED "RIGHT HEMICOLECTOMY": DIFFERENTIATED (3.0 cm in greatest dimension) Tumor is located in the cecum/ascending colon, forms a polypoid mass, is ulcerative and has an infiltrating border. Tumor invades through muscularis propria and into pericolonic adipose tissue. Proximal, distal and radial resection margins are negative for tumor.. Invasive tumor is 9.9 cm from proximal resection margin, 9.5 cm from Lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Venous invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified.. Pexitumoral lymphoid response (including Crohn's-like infiltrate) is mild. Residual adenoma is absent.. REGIONAL LYMPH NODE (POSITIVE/TOTAL): ZerO (0) / thirty (30).) One (1) separate adenoma. Mural pigment consistent with tattoo site. Associated diseases include diverticulosis. Appendix and terminal ileum with no significant pathologic change. AJcc Classification T3 NO MX. NOTE: Levels examined on block A5.. CLINICAL DATA: History: None given. Operation:  None given. Operative Findings: None given. clinical Diagnosis: Colon cancer. TISSUE SUBMITTED: A/1. Hemicolectomy. GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received in formalin, labeled with the patient's name, unit ileum (2.2 x 2.8 cm), and attached cecum and ascending colon (20.3 cm in length x 4.5 cm in diameter),.  and attached appendix (5.0 x 0.8 cm), a 3.2 cm proximal  An ulcerated mass (3.0 x 2.2 x 0.5 cm) is present in the cecum/ascending colon, 6.5 cm distal to the ileocecal valve, 9.9 cm from the proximal stapled resection margin, and 9.5 cm from the distal staple resection margin. Approximately 15 to 0.5 cm in greatest dimension, and they may actually represent hyperplastic folds of mucosa. Representative sections of normal mucosa and tumor are submitted for tissue bank. Radial margin is 7.2 cm from the mass. Occasional diverticula are present, with impact of fecaliths. An area of submucosal tattoo pigment is identified 1.8 cm proximal to the mass. Micro Al: Proximal resection margin (en face), 1 frag, Micro A2: Distal resection margin with diverticulum (en tace), 2 frags, Page: 1 of2

--- Page 2 ---
Pathology Report Micro A3: Appendix tip, 2 frags, Micro A4: Appendix cross sections, frags, Micro  A5-A7: Mass, 1 frag each, Micro A8: Tattoo site with mucosal polyps, 3 frags Micro  A9-A10: Mucosal fold/polyps, 3 frags each, Micro A11: 1 lymph node, 2 frags, 4 frags each, Micro A20: 3 possible lymph nodes, 3 frags, CASE NUMBER: By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto. Electronically signed on Addendum: Upon re-review of this case, there is a focus of possible invasion into a venule outside of muscularis propria. In that focus, a tumor cell nest is surrounded by discontinuous smooth muscle cells, which probably represent residual venular wall. Addendum #1 by Electronically signed on Addendum #2: This primary tumor is still classified as T3.  The focus mentioned in the previous addendum is suspicious for extramural venous invasion. Addendum #2 by Electronically signed on Page: 2 of 2