
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:B874087C-F4C7-456F-AC63-E17A98F1666F TCGA-A4-A6HP-01A-PR Redacted Sex: Male D.O.8.: MRN # EOARSAAECSPEEIMENANPO Collected: Received:  Reported: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT *ADOENDUM** ADDENDUM REPORT: Per Dr. This addendum is issued to clarify the surgical margins status. This case was discussed with Dr. the specimen submitted as deep margin (B) was taken from the left lateral tumor (specimen C). The left lateral tumor is not transected in the histoogic  sections examined. Multiple satellite foci (greater than 10) are noted in the renal parenchyma surrounding the three main lesions in specimen C-E. Some of these satellite lesions measure less than 1 mm. Therefore it is possible that the deep margin tumor in specimen B represents a separate focus of also raveals that the upper pole tumor (D) was adherent to the specimen submitted as left cyst wall (A). The upper pole tumor showed an aiea or capsular  retraction with ink focally extending to the turnor. This additional information from Dr.. Jakes it likely that this area of concem was the site of the. adherent cyst and therefore does not represent a true margin.  In summary, no tumor transection is noted, however, this patient is at increased risk for recurrence due to the numerous small satellite lesions noted. Addendum Reoort Issued Bv: DIAGNOSIS: ICDO-3 A. Left cyst wall; excision:. Simple cyst wall, negative for malignancy. B.Deep margin: 15248B Papillary renal cell carcinoma.. semo c00 C. Left lateral tumor, resection: Sete Idney NOS Tumor Characteristics: . Histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma. Cb49 2. .Tumor site: Left lateral kidney. .Tumor focality: Multifocal. s[12|T3 4. Size af largest tumor focus: 2.9 x 2.6 x 2.1 cm. 5. Macroscopic extent of tumor: Tumor limited to kidney 6. Microscopic extent of tumor. Tumor limited to kidney.. 7. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade 2 of 4. 8. Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified.. Surgical Margin Status: 1. Soft tissue surgical margins free of tumor, see specimen B for separately submitted deep margin Lymph Node Status: .No lymph nodes received with specimen. Other: 1. pTNM stage: pT1a, NX. D. Upper pole tumor, resection: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, 1.8 cm in greatest dimension, multifocal.. Tumor focally extends to inked capsular surface, see comment. E. Lower pole tumor, resection: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, 2.5 cm in greatest dimension, multifocal.. Surgical margins free of tumor. Electronic Signature:

--- Page 2 ---
Histologic sections show numerous foci of papillary renal cell carcinoma. Each of the resections including the left lateral, upper pole, and lower poles  excisions demonstrate a dominant primary tumor with multiple smaller foci within the adjacent renal parenchyma. The separately submitted deep margin (specimen B) also damonstrates similar morphology consistent with papillary renal cell carcinoma. The cyst wall is negative for tumor.  Specimen  (upper pole tumor) demonstrates tumor extending to the inked outer/capsular surface, however the capsule appears to have retracted in this  area and the presence of ink at the tumor is interpreted as a retraction artifact and not a true positive capsular/soft tissue margin. TSSSSACAKSASKKCLNICAL INFORMAUIONRAACARSEOSKNMLANS CLinICAL HIstory: Preoperative Diagnosis: Left renal cyst, left renal mass. Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: A. Left cyst wall B. Deep margin. C. Left lateral tumor D. Upper pole tumor E. Lower pole tumor SADOCSASPECRENDAIASASSSANAK GROSS DESCRIPTION: A. Received in formalin labeled. ind leit cyst wall is a 4.2 x 1.5 x 0.2 cm irregular piece c*. mhranous tissue consistent with cyst wall. On section a lesion is not identified. Representative sections are submitted in one cassett?. B. Received in formalin labeled. and deep margin is a 0.2 cm pink fragment submitted intact in one cassette. C. Received in formalin labeled. and left lateral tumor is a 24.4 gram wedge of renal tissue, 4.5 x 3.2 x 1.8 cm. The resection margin is. inked blue and the soft tissue aru capsuie yellow. The specimen has been previously incised for research. Further section displays a circumscribed soft yellow lesion, 2.9 x 2.6 x 2.1 cm. The lesion is 0.2 cm trom the resection margin and abuts the inked capsule. The remainder of the tissue is smooth homogeneous tan renal parenchyma.  Representative sections are submitted as follows: 1-2--perpendicular section through resection margin bisected; 3-4--perpendicular section through $ection margin bisected; 5--representative sections through perinephric adipose tissue.  wo cassettes for research are labeled D. Received in formalin labele. ind upper pole tumor is a 4.9 gram wedge of renal tissue, 3.8 x 2.0 x 1.6 cm. It is covered by a smooth  capsule inked black. The resecuon margin is tan-pink shaggy and displays a 1.5 cm long by 0.9 cm in diameter disrupted cyst. The resection margin is inked blue. The specimen is serially sectioned to display a circumscribed focally nemorrhagic yellow bulging nodule, 1.8 x 1.5 x 1.5 cm. It is 0.2 cm from  the cyst and less than 0.1 cm from the inked capsule and resection margin. The uninvolved tissue is tan-brown smooth and homogeneous. The entire  specimen is sequentially submitted in four cassetter. E. Received in formalin labeled. and lower pole tumor is a 12.5 gram wedge of renal tissue, 5.4 x 3.5 x 2.5 cm. The specimen is covered by a complete, intact capsule. The resection margin is tan-brown and homogeneous. The capsule is inked black and the resection margin blue. The  specimen is serially sectioned to show a focally hemorrhagic pale yellow soft circumscribed lesion, 2.5 x 2.1 x 1.6 cm. The lesion abuts the capsule and is 0.3 cm from the resection margin. The uninvolved tissue is tan-pink and homogenous. Representative sections to include perpendicular sections through the resection margin are submitted in four cassettes, l d10|13