
--- Page 1 ---
UUID: E74526B4-ED84-473B-8607-AB0085319495 TCGA-SX-A71V-01A-PR Redacted Ecd-O-3 Result Typet Surgicai Pathology Report Result Date: Performed By: '8Q6013 Encounter Info: Sat Q Bidrey NOS Surglcal Pathology Report CeH  hU 8/8/i3 Surgical Pathology Report Requested By: DIAGHOSIS: Procedure/laterality: Right kidney, partial nephrectomy. Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type, mixture of Type l and Tpe 2. Nuciear grade (Fuhrman, 1-4) : 2 of 4. Tumor size: 1.5 cm in greatest dimension. Tumor site: Upper pole. Tumor focality: Unifocal Sarcomatoid features: Absent. Tumor necrosis: Absent. Microscopic tumor extension: Confined to the renal parenchyma with a dense fibrous capsule. Surgical margins: Negative Lymph-vascular invasion: Absent. Lymph nodes: Not applicable. Pathologic findings  in nonneoplastic kidnsy: Mininal nephrosclerosis. Pathologic staging: pIl, NX, MX. Positive for viable papillary renal~ cell carcinoms. Block(s) containing malignancy suitable for additional testing: and A3 Reri CLINICAL INFORMATION: Right zenal nass. SPECIMEN(S) : A:Right renal ma9s GROSS DESCRIPTION: Performed by A.  Received fresh labeled and "right renal Surface is". smooth membranous surface designated Carota's fascia. This is inked black. On the other surface there is some grossly identifiable renal parenchyma, 2.2  1.5 x 0.3 cm. The renal parenchymsl margin is inkad blue. Within the renal parenchyms approximately 0.3 from the inked margin, is . CM. Fresh tumor is submitted for reszarch Danresentative sactions are submitted in cassettes labeled llows: Al-A4) Sections of renal mass and margins; A5  of tissue corresponding to research Support for the diagnosis in this case may have included the use of inmnunohistochemistry tasts that were devri--.  aristics were determined by They have not been cleared 3r approved by the u.5. soou au. .rug Administration (FDA). The FnA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary. Thes. tests should not be regarded  investigational or for research. This laboratory is certified under the Clinical to perforn high complexity clinical laboratory testing.