
--- Page 1 ---
PATHOLOGIC DIAGNOSIS: SPECIMEN DESIGNATED RIGHT COLON44 Cm ADENOCARCINOMA, moderately differentiated (3.0 cm). Tumor is located in the cecum, forms a polypoid mass, and is ulcerative. Tumor invades into but not through the muscularis propria. Proximal, distal, and radial resection margins are negative for tumor. Intramural lymphovascular invasion is not identified. Perineural invasion is not identified. Peritumoral response is mild. Residual adenoma is present. Hyperplastic polyps, Multiple (>5) adenomata. Lipoma of ileocecal valve. Fat necrosis, with dystrophic calcifications ("peritoneal mass". Regional lymph nodes (positive:total):0:13. AJCc Classification 6th Edition): T2 NO MX. CLINICAL DATA: History: Biopsy-proven cecal cancer. Operation: Right colectomy. Operative Findings: Localized colon cancer. clinical Diagnosis: Colon cancer. TISSUE SUBMITTED A/1) right colon O.R.CONSULTATION: SPECIMEN LABELED #1 -RIGHT COLONGROSS ONLY Cecal mass 3.0 cm located 16.0 cm from proximal and 43 cm from distal resection margins, grossly. The senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a gross and/or microscopic examination of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the rapid diagnos(es) related thereto. GROSSDESCRIPTION: The specimen is received fresh, labeled with the patients name, unit number, and "#1 - right colon",and consists of one ileocolectomy specimen (measuring 44 cm in total length comprised of ileum (14.8 cm in length x 1.8 cm in diameter) with proximal stapled resection margin measuring 2.9 cm and inked resection margin (measuring 6.2 cm and inked green). There is an attached fragment of yellow lobulated fibroadipose tissue consistent with omentum, measuring 25.0 x 11.0 x 1 cm. The appendix is absent. The serosa has a nodular puckered area measuring 2.5 x 1.5 cm,which is inked black.The specimen is opened (where inked orange) to reveal an ulcerated mass measuring 3.0 x 2.5 x 0.4 cm in the cecum, which is located 16.0 cm from the proximal stapled resection margin, 43 cm from the distal stapled resection margin, and

--- Page 2 ---
There is a probable lipoma of the 14.0 cm from the radial resection margin. Appendiceal stump is also ileocolonic valve measuring 1.5 x 1.5 x 1.0 cm. There are multiple (greater than located and measures 1.0 cm in diameter. Representative sections of the tumor and normal tissue are submitted to Tumor Bank for special studies. Micro Al: stapled resection margin,2 frags, Micro A2: radial resection margin,l frag, Micro A3-A6: 4 frags, cecal mass, Micro A7: Micro A8: polypoid cecal area,2 frags, Micro A9: representative sections of normal-appearing colonic and ileal mucosa, Micro A10: ileocolonic valve with lipoma,1 frag, Micro Al1: omentum,1 frag Micro A12-A16: twelve lymph node candidates,12 frags, Micro A17: By his/her signature below, the senior physician certifies that he/she personally conducted a microscopic examination ("gross only" exam if so stated) of the described specimen(s) and rendered or confirmed the diagnosis(es) related thereto.