
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:7D7514B8-A5CE-48D5-8883-BC06F1718696 IcD o 3 TCGA-V4-A9ET-01A-PR Redacted Cell imige 8776|3 Enucleation of the right eye. po#veaItrot Cb94 UJ q/16|i4 Macroscopy The eyeball measures 26 mm in diameter with a segment of optic nerve of 5 mm. At the section, a tumor located at the inferior part of the eyeball and measuring 18 mm is observed. Tissue specimens are taken for cryopreservation prior fixation.. Su path dio crponcy frm fr.  Microscopy Lpithebivrid aud spendle cell raHo. The tumor observed macroscopically presents the histological aspect of an uveal melanoma. This tumor is composed of epithelioid (50%) and of fusiform cells (50%) The cell atypias are severe. Presence of melanin. The mitotic activity is low (2 mitoses per 10 HPF). There is a focal infiltration of the ciliary body and of the inner part of the sclera, on a thickness of about 1 mm. The tumor is at distance from the optic nerve which is free on its entire course. The cut end of the optic nerve and the meningeal sheath are also free of tumor. Conclusion Uveal melanoma composed of epithelioid and of fusiform cells. Tumor size: 18X10 mm main lines. Mitotic activity: low Focal tumor infiltration of the ciliary body and of the 1/3 inner part of the sclera, on a space of about 1 mm, without extra-scleral extension.. Optic nerve on its entire course, optic nerve cut end and meningeal sheaths free of tumor. 12/30/

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form. Instxuctions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (TSS): . TSS Identifier: ..  TSS Unique Patient Identifier: . Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): - Completed Date:. Diagnosis Information # Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions 50% epithelioid cells Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s) documented on  Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for  Provided on Initial this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. 50% spindle cells Pathology Report Histologic features of 61-90% spindle cells Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Cas Quality Control Form completed for this case.  the sample provided for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% epithelioid cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form Provide the reason for. Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial  the discrepancy The section of the frozen sample used for sending  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the.  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor  diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form. report and the TCGA where the epithelioid part is predominant.. Case Quality Control Form. The percentages mentioned on the initial Pathology Report correspond to an average on the whole embedded sections used for establish the Pathology Report.  Name of TSS Reviewing Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case.  Pathologist or for TCGA.  Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled.. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director Date I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. The Attending Pathologist or the.  Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses.. Principal Investigator Signature Date