
--- Page 1 ---
SLF ICDO-3 Oreinone,wrsthelesl peoyellseuy '8130$ UUID:B2F4C3E3-1740-4C76-86A3-51103954FA72 Redacted L 8t7oJ3 8120(3 Codet hughsJ 812of3 Sute: Msasder HgS Collect date Cb79 (MM/DD/YYYY) Q3[18[4J PATHOLOGY REPORT:S PRIMARY SITE: Bladder 1 - "Surgical excision of bladder + prostate + seminal vesicles": . Urothelial high grade carcinoma, with extensive squamous differentiation. . Neoplasia's size: 4,5 x 4,2 x 3,5 cm. . Presence of foci of necrosis. . Level of infiltration: muscular propria layer. . Angiolymphatic and perineural invasio: not detected. . Ureteral, urethral and soft tissues surgical margins uninvolved by neoplasia. . Gigantocellular foreign body reaction at the stroma. . Absence of neoplastic involvement of the prostate, seminal vesicles and deferens channels bilaterally. . Cystic Chronic cystitis. . Post atrophic prostate hyperplasia. . chronic nonspecific prostatitis. 2 - "excision of left lymph nodes": . Absence os neoplastic involvement on the 5 lymph nodes identified (0/5). 3 - "excision of right lymph nodes": . Absence os neoplastic involvement on the 7 lymph nodes identified (0/7). Topography: bladder, NOS Morphology: transitional cell carcinoma, NOS Staging: pT2b pN0 M0 O1 Syuimcks Tsparnol

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis. documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the. Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case.. issue Source Site (TSS): TSS Identifier.. _ TSs Unique Patient Identifier:  ompleted By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica): Completed Date: Diagnosis Information # Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions Provide the diagnosis/histologic subtype(s)documented on Pathologic Diagnosis  High grade urothelial carcinoma with extensive the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for  Provided on Initial this case is mixed, pravide all listed subtypes.  Pathology Report squamous differentiation. Histologic features of Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case High grade urothelial carcinoma with 0% of  the sample provided. Quatity Control Form completed for this case squamous differentiation for TCGA, as reflected (there is no squamous differentiation)  On the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form Provide the reason for.  Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial the discrepancy  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the  diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form.  between the pathology Case reviewed by Dr  based on  report and the TCGA top slide image sent from BCR. Case Quality Control Form. Name of Tss Reviewing Provide the name af the pathologist who reviewed this case Pathologist or for TCGA.  Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above informatlon provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled.  TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director Date. I acknowledge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quailty controlled. The Attending Pathologist or the. Departnent Chairmen has heen informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses.. Principal/Investigator'Signature ' Date