
--- Page 1 ---
ort Status: LEFT KIDNEY, RADICAL NEPHRECTOMY: RENAL CELL CARcINOMA, (12.8 cm) Fuhrman nuclear grade 3 of 4, chromophobe type. The tumor is confined to the renal parenchyma.. The renal vein, ureter, and inked soft tissue margins are free of tumor. Lymphatic vascular invasion is not seen. addendum. Two lymph nodes are free'of tumor. AJCC (1997) stage T2 N0 MX. NOTE:  Hale's colloidal iron stain is positive supporting the diagnosis.. SURGICAL ADDENDUM: LEFT NEPHRECTOMYS KIDNEY PARENCHYMA AWAY FOR THE TUMOR.SHOWS NO SPECIFIC ABNORMALITIES MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION:  Representative sections of the non-tumor parenchyma contains kidney cortex and medulla. There are numerous glomeruli seen (over loo)... Glomeruli with global sclerosis are not seen.  Glomeruli show normal cellularity and reveal. no significant pathological changes. On PAS and Jones' silver methenamine. stain, the glomerular basement membranes appear of normal thickness. Tubules are well preserved... The interstitium shows no fibrosis or active inflammation. Approximately 10% of the sample shows focal tubular atrophy and interstitial fibrosis, as evidenced on the trichrome stains (AFog). Arteries andarte rioles are unremarkable. CLINICAL DATA: History: None given. Operation: Hand assisted laparoscopic left nephrectomy. Clinical Diagnosis: Left renal mass TISSUE SUBMITTED: #1. Left kidney GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is recei patient's name, unit number and "#1. left kidney", and consists of a 545 gram left radical nephrectomy specimen (15.1 x 12.9 x 5.4 cm), to include entire kidney (15.0 x 11.7 x 4.5 cm), portion of dilated ureter (4.3 cm, 0.6 cm in diameter), renal artery (2.5 x 0.5 x 0.5 cm) and renal vein (2.3 x 2.0 cm in diameter). The kidney is partially surfaced by perinephric fat.' No adrenal gland is noted.  Sectioning demonstrates an encapsulated nodular tan/pink lobulated mass (12.8 x 9.5 x 4.4 cm), which is centrally necrotic and hemorrhagic with an apparent 3.0 x 0.8 x 0.8 cm scar. Mass abuts but does not appear grossly to invade the renal pelvis, which is freely mobile, and occupies the majority of the central portion of the kidney, sparing the poles...  The mass expands but does not. appear grossly to invade through the renal capsule, which otherwise demonstrates dense hemorrhagic fibrous adhesions. Closest urethral marg within 3.0 cm (post-fixation), closest renal vein margin is within 2.5 q (post-fixation), and closest renal artery margin is within 3.0 cm. (post-fixation).  There are no additional masses noted upon sectioning.. Transitional epithelium is tan/white and velvety, cortical medullary jur are distinct and the uninvolved portions of the cortical surface appears smooth..  The perinephric adipose tissue is freely mobile. Three represe. sections of the tumor have been submitted for cytogenetics (1A,1B,1c) ana. tumor bank (1A,1B,1C). Representative sections of cortex and medulla are Page: 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
submitted to tumor bank..  Representative non-neoplastic kidney is submitted for electron microscopy, immunofluorescence studies. Representative tumor is retained for electron microscopic studies. Gross photographs are taken. Representative sections corresponding to tissue from 1A,1B and 1C have been  fixation. ave, mult frags,. Micro 2: tumor with respect to renal pelvis, adjacent renal tissue, 1 frag, RSS tumor with respect to adjacent renal parenchyma 2 frags, Micro 3-4: Micro 5-6: tumor and renal capsule (inked blue) 2 frags Micro 7 : uninvolved renal parenchyma,. 1 frag, Micro 8: quick fixed tissue "1A", 1 frag, Micro 9: Micro 10: Micro  11: 2 possible lymph nodes, 2 frags,. Micro 12: scarred area of tumor, 1 frag, SPECIMEN TYPE:  KIDNEY PARTIAL OR TOTAL NEPHRECTOMY Page: 2 of 2