
--- Page 1 ---
zCD-o -3 adrenal csr ticalw Q#^c inomc oncscytic cytoltgic fearres 8370/3 C74.0 ND q1113 UUID: BD8435C3-C525-472C-8843-EC2CAE220785 TCgA-Or-A5SL-01a-PR Redacted Specimen(s) Receivod Right adrenal gland Clinical History Right adrenal tumour; production of testosterone and androgens -- right adrenalectomy, ? AcC; ? Adrenet cortical adenoma Macroscopic Description The specimen consists ot a previousty incised adrenal gland welghing 28g and measuring 65 x 30 x 30mm with a A -- Representative sections taken. Microscopic Description Sections of adronal gand show a well circumscrlbed nodule camposed of focaly markedty pleomorphic spithellal ceils (see photograph) with abundant foamy, oncocytc cytoplasm and only occaslonal areas. of clear Cells. Up to 6 mitoses per 50HPF aro present with oocasional atypical mitoses. No capsular,  sinusoidal or vascular invaslon is seen. Exeislon appears complete. COmmeNt :The appearancee are most consistent with an adrenal cortical carcinona. Dr }reports The adrenai iesion is a LOW GRADE ADRENAL CORTICAL. CARCINOMA. The malignant cells display oncocytic cytologlcal features. The tumour dernonstrates 5 of the Weiss criteria of malignancy comprising a mitotic rate of 6 per 50hpt, atypical mitoses, a diffuse growth pattern, cytological atypla and sosinophilc cytoplasm. There is no vascular or sinusoidal invaslon. There is no extra-acrenal spread. There is no coagulative necrosis. There is no perineural growth. Based on these slldes kocal axclsion appears complete. Immunohistochemistry is as follows: K1-67 proliferation index : 8% IGF2: Diffusely positive (perinuclear dot-like pattem) Glucocorticoid receptor: Strongly diffusely (4+) positive This immunonistochenical profile is typical ot adrenal cortical carcinoma and turther supports the diagncsis ot malignancy. Final Summary ADRENAL CORTICAL CARCINOMA; ADRENAL GLAND, RIGHT MARGINS CLEAR Page 1 ot 1 Referred by:

--- Page 2 ---
I Requesting Doctor's Intormatlon: Report Tc HISTOPATHOLOGY FC MICROSCOPIC:A The adrenal lesion is a LOW GRADE ADRENAL CORTICAL CARCINOMA. The mal|gnant cells display oncocytic cytological features. The tumour demonstrates 5 ot the Weiss criteria of malignancy comprising a mitotic rate of 6 per 50 hpf.. atypical mitoses, a diffuse growth patten, cytological atypia and eosinophilic cytoplasm. There is no vascular or sinusoidal invasion. There is no axtra-adrenal spread. There is no coagulative necrosis. There is no parineural growth. Based on these slides local excision appears complete. Immunohistochemistry is as follaws: KI-67 proliferative index: 8% IGF2: Diffusely positive (perinuclear dot-lilke pattem) Glucocorticoid receptor: Strongly diffusely (4+) positive. This immunohlstochemical profile is typical of adrenal cortical carcinoma and further supports the diagnosis of mallgnancy. SUMMARY: Adrenal gland: Adrenal cortical carcinoma. REPORTING PATHOLOGIST: (Electronic Signature)