
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:D564A7FB-4F0A-4589-AB32-A6CD88547219 TCGA-A7-A56D-01A-PR Redacted LcDo:3 Final Surgical Pathology Report COrci nomc, Infi1traHng Iuct, K1OS 8560|3 Procedure: Site: CBreast, LLg C&3 PATH Diagnosis A.  Left axillary sentinel lymph node, resection: No evidence of metastasis in one lymph node (0/1). C6eF B. Left breast, simple mastectomy:. Infiltrating ductal carcinoma, grade 3, 3.2 cm in greatest dimension. Surgical margins negative but close, less than 2 mm. Left axillary contents, resection: No evidence of metastasis in 7 lymph nodes (0/7) 11/2q/12 Microscopic Description: Microscopic examination performed.. A. Sections of the sentinel lymph node demonstrate no evidence of. metastatic disease.  The node is examined by multiple sectioning with hematoxylin and eosin and by immunohistochemistry for pankeratin.. B. Invasive Carcinoma: present Histologic type: Infiltrating ductal carcinoma Histologic grade: Overall grade: 3 Architectural score: Nuclear score: Mitotic score: Greatest dimension (pT): 3.2 cm,. pT2 Specimen margins: Negative but close, less than 2 mm over a. distance of 5 mm Vessel invasion: Not identified Calcification: Not identified Ductal carcinoma in situ: Not identified Description of non-tumorous breast: Proliferative fibrocystic. changes with intraductal papillomatosis Comments: None Prognostic markers: Previously performed C Sections of the left axillary contents demonstrate no evidence of. metastasis in 7 lymph nodes. Specimen A.  Left sentinel node-axillary. B. Left breast-tumor at 7 o'clock C. Axillary contents Clinical Information Carcinoma left breast, core biopsy positive here Intraoperative Consultation AFs left axillary sentinel lymph node, excision: No evidence of metastasis in one lymph node

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description A. Container a is labeled with the patient's name, medical record. number and "sentinel lymph node". The specimen consists of a single piece of fatty tissue which when bisected holds a single lymph node measuring 1.0 x 0.0 0.5 cm. Bisected and submitted in block AFs. B. Received fresh labeled "left breast" is a 25.5 cm (medial to lateral) by 17.0 cm (superior to inferior) by 4.5 cm (anterior to posterior) soft, lobulated tan-white-gold portion of fibroadipose tissue oriented per placement of designated tumor as stated previously. A 19.3 x 8.5 cm wrinkled tan skin ellipse with an eccentric, 1.0 x 1.0 x 0.5 cm nipple is present along the anterior aspect..  A palpable mass is evident at 7 o'clock, corresponding to the lower inner quadrant. The antero- -inferior surface of the specimen in the vicinity of the mass is inked blue.  The intact deep margin is inked black and the specimen. is sectioned. There is a well-circumscribed, 3.2 cm (medial to lateral) by 2.4 cm (anterior to posterior) by 2.0 cm (superior to inferior) rubbery tan-white tumor mass within the lower outer quadrant. On sectioning the tumor appears to extend to within 0.2 cm of the inked anteroinferior surface and 1.5 cm of the inked deep margin. portion of tumor and a portion of normal parenchyma are submitted for tissue procurement as requested.  The cut surfaces throughout the. remainder of the specimen consist predominantly of soft, lobulated tan gold adipose tissue with a minimal amount of interspersed dense tan-white fibrous tissue. No additional mass lesion or abnormality is identified. Summary: 1 - tumor to inked deep margin, 2 through 4 - tumor to inked anteroinferior margin, 5 and 6 - tumor to adjacent parenchyma, 7 . random upper outer quadrant, 8 - upper inner quadrant, 9 - lower inner quadrant,  10 - lower outer quadrant, 11 - junction of the 4 quadrants, 12 - nipple Received fresh labeled "Axillary contents" is a 9.3 x 7.8 x 1.7 cm C. portion of soft, lobulated tan gold adipose tissue. A few slightly rubbery pale tan to tan pink tissues in keeping with lymph nodes measuring up to 3.4 cm in greatest dimension are recovered. The lymphoid tissues are entirely submitted.. RS 4 Summary: 1 - 2 lymph nodes, 2  - 1 bisected lymph node, 3 and 4 -. bisected largest lymph node