
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:DA17 -1799-4A7F-8D98-34D2CD639E07 TCGA-P-A5Z9-01A-PR Redacted Pathology #: Patient: Med. Record. No.: Age: Date of Procedure: Sex: Date of Birth: F Date Received: Submitted by: Report also to: Pathology Report ICD-o-3 Acnomo, p0ayoiSlauy nenal e0J U 8260|3 DIAGNOSIS: h4|q91L3 SPECIMEN Left partial nephrectomy TUMOR Histologic type:  Papillary renal cell carcinoma Histologic grade (Fuhrman nuclear grade): Grade 3 Focality:  Solitary within specimen Tumor size (greatest dimension):. 6cm Extent of direct tumor invasion:.  No direct extension beyond kidney. Sarcomatoid component: Absent Lymphovascular invasion (exc!uding renal vein): Absent Renal vein involvement: Indeterminate (cannot be assessed) Pathologic findings in non-neoplastic kidney: No additional significant pathologic findings Adrenal: Not present MARGINS All margins negative for carcinoma LYMPH NODES Cannot be assessed STAGING (AJCC) Primary Tumor: pT1b Lymph Nodes: pNX Distant Metastasis: Not applicable CLINICAL INFORMATION: Left kidney mass; research specimen SPECIMEN(S) RECEIVED Left kidney mass Pathology Report Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
Patient: MRN: GROSS DESCRIPTION: Received fresh is a 75-gram, 6.5 x 6.3 x 5.8 cm soft, nodular, red-gray partial nephrectomy covered with a few tags of golden yellow perinephric fat. The irregular, partially cauterized 5 x 4.5 cm resectional margin is inked. Sectioning reveals a soft, nodular, friable, dusky, mottled yellow-gray to red-gray 6 x 5.7 x 4.9 cm mass which. appears grossly to come within 0.1 cm of the inked margin of resection. The nodular mass does not grossly appear to invade through the renal capsule. There is a narrow rim of rubbery, red-gray renal parenchyma present at the base of the specimen. Representative sections to include the inked margin are submitted in A1-A2. Additional sections to include the periphery are submitted in A3. Slides were microscopically examined by the pathologist. Evaluation performed by Electronically signed Pathology Report Page 2 of 2