
--- Page 1 ---
tcD-o3 Melsnrns, yiteliseol Lepurslle cell UUID: 5D2ABEAA-D18A-4B35-BBAF-9E1B34D0E07C  Redacted TCGA-V4-A9F4-01A-PR 8 776%3 mijsel Sut CrorssL c4Y.3 etlvl trucf Cb9.4 Enucleation of the right eye. CJ Q1|4 Macroscopy: The eyeball measures 25 mm in diameter and the posterior optic nerve segment 5 mm. The piece has been fixed and included entirely. Su patm dis cryoau  Microscopy The histological examination reveals a cell proliferation with the histological features of a melanoma. This tumor is composed of fusiform cells (70%). The mitotic index is low. There is a mild pigmentation load. The tumor invades focally the 1/3 inner part of the sclera, without extrascleral extension. The tumor size is 20X15 mm. The ciliary body is free of tumor. The lesion is located at 1 mm of endo-ocular emergence of the optic nerve. The optic nerve on its entire course and the meningeal sheaths are free of tumor. The cut end of the optic nerve is also free of tumor. Conclusion: Uveal melanoma composed of fusiform cells (70%) Epithelioid cells : 30% Tumor size: 20 mm. Low mitotic index Tumor infiltration of the 1/3 inner part of the sclera without extrascleral extension. Ciliary body, optic nerve in its entire course and cut end free of tumor.

--- Page 2 ---
V4.00 TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TcGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Control Form completed for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (TsS):  TSS Identifier: TSS Unique Patient Identifier:.- Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica). . Completed Date:.- Diagnosis Information. Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions  Provide the diagnosis/ histologic subtype(s) documented on 30% epithelioid cells  Pathologic Diagnosis the initial pathology report for this case. If the histology for this case is mixed, provide all listed subtypes. Provided on Initial 70% spindle cells  Pathology Report Provide the histologic features selected on the TCGA Case Histologic features of 61-90% epithelioid cells Quality Control Form completed for this case. the sample provided for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% spindle cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form  Provide a reason describing why the diagnosis on the initial 3 Provide the reason for The section of the frozen sample used for sending  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the the discrepancy to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form.  between the pathology report and the TCGA  where the epithelioid part is predominant. Case Quality Control The percentages mentioned on the initial Form.  Pathology Report correspond to an average on.the whole embedded sections used for establish the Pathology Report. Name of TSS Reviewing  Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case for TCGA. Pathologist or  Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above information provided by my insttution is ct and has been quality controlled.  TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director Date I acknowiedge that the above information provided by my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. The Attending Pathologist or the Department Chairman has been informed or is aware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses. : Principal Investigator Signature Date