
--- Page 1 ---
1000 3 Date of surgery : Muorcm. spithlpik Rpsnolle ox00 rmiysL S77013 LE *Crliary lesdly Ci9.4 Left eye enucleation. 09.4 Macroscopye The eye ball mesures 25 mm and presents a posterior segment of optic nerves. measuring 2 mm. At the section, the tumor measures 19 mm main line. Samples have been frozen for genetic studies then the piece has been fixed and included entirely. Su puih distrpency furn for jpitheliril anl  Microcopy Spndle eel nxhiv The tumor observed macroscopically corresponds to an uveal melanoma, mainly composed of epithelioid cells (80%). The tumor cells are large in size and present a vesicular nucleus with mild atypia. The cells are often loaded with melanin. The mitotic index is low (4 mitoses per 10 HPF). The tumor is developed on the temporal side of the eye. At the anterior part, the tumor infiltrates the lateral part of the iris and the ciliary body. At the posterior part. the tumor is close to the optic foramen. However, the optic nerve on its entire course and its cut end are free of tumor, as well as the meningeal sheets. The sclera is also. free and there is no tumor endovascular embolism.. Conclusion UUID:04475A61-A4E9-482C - B088-488852636AE3 CGA-V4-A9E0-01A-PR Redacted Uveal melanoma of the left eye. Epithelioid cells predominant.. Tumor size: 19 mm. Low mitotic index.. Invasion of the periphery of the iris and of the ciliary body. No scleral or extrascleral involvement The optic nerve on its entire course, its cut end and the meningeal sheets are free 211813

--- Page 2 ---
TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form. V4.00 Instructions: The TCGA Pathologic Diagnosis Discrepancy Form should be completed when the pathologic diagnosis documented on the initial pathology report for a case submitted for TCGA is inconsistent with the diagnosis provided on the Case Quality Contro! Form completed for the submitted case. Tissue Source Site (TsS): .. _ TSS Identifier:  Tss Unique Patient Identifier:. Completed By (Interviewer Name on OpenClinica). .. Completed Date: -- Diagnosis Information Data Element Entry Alternatives Working Instructions. 80% epithelioid cells Provide the diagnosis/ histologic subtype(s) documented on Pathologic Diagnosis the in:tial pathology report for this case. If the histology for  Provided on Initial I this case is mixed, provide all isted subtypes.. 20% spindle cells Pathology Report. Histologic features of 61-90% epithelioid cells.  Provide the histoiogic features selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form compieted for th:s case. the sample provided  for TCGA, as reflected 1-30% spindle cells  on the CQCF. Discrepancy between Pathology Report and Case Quality Control Form  Provide the reason for Provide a reason describing why the diagncsis on the initial.  the discrepancy The section of the frozen sample used for sending  pathology report for this case is not consistent with the  between the pathology to TCGA corresponds to a section of the tumor  diagnosis selected on the TCGA Case Quality Control Form. report and the TCGA  where the epithelioid part is predominant. Case Quality Control Form. The percentages mentioned on the initial  Pathology Report correspond to an average on the whole embedded sections used for establish the Pathology Report Name of Tss Reviewing Provide the name of the pathologist who reviewed this case.  Pathologist or for TCGA. Biorepository Director I acknowledge that the above informatian provided hy my institution is true and correct and has been quality controlled. TSS Reviewing Pathologist or Biorepository Director. Date I acknowledge that the above information provided by ny institution is true and correct and has been quality controlied. The Attending Pathologist or the Departnent Chairman has been informed or is uware of the above discrepancy in diagnoses. Principal Investigator Signature Date