
--- Page 1 ---
7nd f+wo Phmario UUID:BAE8C63F-81B6-431A-9431-23ACAC11BAD0 (Stnt nt santme) TCGA-UZ-A9PS-05A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Patient Name! Accession #:1 Med. Rec.#: Visit #: Service Date: 1 DOB: Sex: Female Received: Location: Client: Soc. Sec. #: Physician(s): FInal Pathologic Diagnosis Right kidney, partial nephrectomy: 1. Renal cell carcinoma, papillary (chomophil) type, Fuhrman nuclear grade 3, 3.6. cm in greatest dimension.n. 2. Tumor extends into but not through the overlying renal capsule. 3. Tumor approaches focally to within 0.1 cm of parenchymal resection margin, but is not seen at the margin itself. 4. Incidental benign simple renal cyst, 0.6 cm. ICD 63 'Wryngnb, yeaeeIlsey renx Comment: ceIC CdrersphiD) 8Qo0l3 Kidney Tumor Synoptic Comment: -Histologic type: Papillary (chromophil) type. -Grade: Fuhrman nuclear grade 3 (of 4) -Maxlmum tumor diameter: 3.6 cm. YI b|3o|/y -Renal pelvis: Not present.. -Ureter: Not present. -Renal sinus: Not present.. -Hilar renal velns: Not present. -Intrarenal veins and lymphatics: Normal. -Adrenal gland: Not identified. -Capsule/perirenal fat: Tumor invades but does not extend through capsule. -Hilar lymph nodes (number positive/number of nodes): Not applicable.. -Resection margins: Negative. -Proxlmity to nearest margin: 0.1 from parenchymal resection margin.. -Stage:  pT1aNXMX. -Additiona! Comments: Select slides (slides A1 and A4) were shown at the departmental , and the faculty in attendance concurred with the above diagnoses on. Specimen(s) Received Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
A:Right Partial Nephrectomy Clinical History The patient is a year-old woman with history of papillary renal cell carcinoma in the left kidney. She. now has a mass in the right kidney and undergoes partial nephrectomy.. Gross Description The specimen is received fresh in one part, labeled with the patient's name and medical record number. and "Right kidney mass." It consists of a red-brown, firm partial nephrectomy specimen, measuring 21. x 5 x 4 cm and weighing 28.3 gm. There is a white-yellow, solid, firm, spheroid, Iobulated, and. encapsulated mass, measuring 3.6 cm in diameter, replacing >95% of the kidney parenchyma. This mass abuts the parenchymal resection margin in multiple areas. In addition, there is a white-yellow, uninoculated cyst, measuring 0.6 cm in diameter, located on the kidney surface. This cyst is 3.2 cm from the resection margin. The resection margin is inked black for microscopic evaluation. The specirnen was opened to show the surgeon the tumor in relation to the resection margin.. Representative sections are submitted as follows: Cassette A1: Tumor in closest approach to resection margin. Cassette A2: Representative section of tumor and cyst. Cassette A3: Representative section of tumor and renal parenchyma.. Cassettes A4-A5: Representative sections of tumor. Diagnosis based on gross and microscopic examinations. Fina! diagnosis made by attending pathologist. following review of all pathology slides. Pathology Resident Pathologist Electronically signed out on  ^g f 2 primuriis-Sint at Som time d 1k/!y 1g40013 Page 2 of 2