
--- Page 1 ---
1co-o-3 Cmnimo, Httpntocillules, Nc5 (8170/3) xvl Operative Procedure: Laparoscopic right hepatectomy Site. lwu C32.0 Specimen Received: H31) Segment 8 hepatectomy Final Pathologic Diagnosis: Liver, segment 8, laparoscopic right hepatectomy: Hepatocellular carcinoma, with clear cell features, UUID:4ABC92B0-605C-462D-80DC-2A3CEE065C13 moderately-differentiated, see synoptic report. TCGA-G-A3OU-01A-PR Redacted Liver cancer synoptic report Specimen: Segment 8 of liver Procedure: Laparoscopic right hepatectomy Tumor histologic type: Hepatocellular carcinoma Tumor size: 2.7 cm (greatest dimension) Tumor focality: Unifocal Number of tumors: One Histologic type: Hepatocellular carcinoma with clear cell. features Histologic grade: Moderately-differentiated Tumor extension: Tumor confined to liver Margins: Parenchymal: Uninvolved Distance of invasive carcinoma from closest. margin: 1.6 cm Other margin: Not applicable Lymph-vascular invasion: Macroscopic venous (large vessel) invasion:  Not identified Microscopic (small vessel) invasion: Absent Pathologic staging: (pTMN) TNM descriptors: None known Primary tumor (pT): pT1 Regional lymph nodes (pN): pNX, lymph nodes not examined Distant metastasis (pM): Not applicable Additional pathologic findings: Cirrhosis; Steatosis The examination of this case material and the preparation of this report were performed by the staff pathologist. Gross Description: Received is a single formalin-filled container labeled with the patient's name and "segment 8 hepatectomy." The specimen consists of a portion of liver measuring 10.5 x 7.8 x 2.5 cm. The specimen is previously inked and dissected. The liver capsule is brown-tan smooth and lobulated. Further

--- Page 2 ---
sectioning reveals yellow-tan, firm, irregular ill defined mass measuring 2.7 x 2.3 x 1.8 cm. The mass abuts to the liver capsule and 1.6 cm from the nearest resection margin. The rest of the liver parenchyma is brown-tan and finely nodulated. Representative sections are submitted as follows:. 1-2  The mass to the inked surgical margin. 3-5  The mass to the liver capsule 6-7  The mass with adjacent liver parenchyma. 8-9 Uninvolved liver parenchyma Microscopic Description: The final diagnosis of each specimen incorporates the microscopic examination. findings. END OF REPORT Taken: DOB: (Age: . Gender: