
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:5AEC5E5B-8EC4-4AA0-A195-612CFC38481F TCGA-4N-A93T-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORT Patient: Accession: DOB:  Sex: M Account: Age Date Collected: MRN:  Date Received: Patient I Requested by:  Date Reported: Clinical Data: Ascending coion mass final pathologic Diagnosis IcDO 3 Right colon with appendix, hemicolectomy: Two adenocarcinomas (proximal ascending and distal ascending colon). CdenxawwmdND S 8j4b]3 Cecal tubulovillous adenoma.. Unremarkable appendix. S.te: liseinddiy colens C18.2 Additional tubular adenomas are identified. All margins are negative for adenoma and malignancy.. AJ 3|zo|Jy SYNOPTIC REPORT Tumor site: Proximal ascending colon (larger mass) and distal ascending (smaller mass) Tumor size: 4.2 cm and 4.0cm Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma Histologic gra de: Low grade (moderately differentiated, G2) Extent of invasion:. Proximal ascending tumor invades serosal surface ; the more distal tumor invades through muscularis propria into pericolonic tissue. Tumor perforation: Not identified Margins: Uninvolved by invasive carcinoma (R0) Proximal margin: 24.5 cm (proximal tumor); 29cm (distal tumor) Distal margin: 9 cm (proximal tumor); 4.5cm (distal tumor) Circumferential radial margin:. 3 cm (proximal and distal tumor). Closest margin: Circumferential radial margin. Lymphovascular invasion: Absent Perineural invasion: Absent Treatment effect: No known prior treatment Regional lymph nodes: Two of twenty-five lymph nodes are positive for metastatic carcinoma (2/25) Pathologic Tumor Stage:. pT4a(m) pN1b Immunohistochemical stains for MLH-1, MSH-2, MSH-6 and PMs-2 reveal distinct nuclear staining for all markers. These findings indicate an intact mismatch repair (MMR) gene function without evidence of significant microsatellite instability (MSI) Aithough these findings make the diagnosis of hereditary non-polyposis colon cancer (HNPCC) or Lynch Syndrome very unlikely this patient, approximately 5% of colorectal carcinomas with defective MMR genes and high MSI may show this apparent normal pattern of staining. Correlation with the clinical findings & family history is encouraged. Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGy REPORt - CONTInUED Result ID: Patient: Accession: Pathologist, Electronic Signature Specimen(s) suBmitteD: GrOss DEscriptiOn Right colon: in formalin labeled "right colon" is a 25 cm in length segment of cecum and right colon with an attached 20 cm of terminal ileum and a 6 cm attached appendix. Within the right colon there is a 4.2 x 4 cm endophytic tumor with raised rolled borders. This tumor is 9 cm from the distal margin and 24.5 cm from the proximal margin. The tumor invades into and through the bowel wall into the pericolonic fat and is grossly 3 cm from the circumferential soft tissue margin. The tumor also appears to  near the serosa/peritonealized surface of the attached fat. There is an additional 4 x 3 cm polypoid mass 4.5 cm from the distal margin and 29 cm from the proximal margin. The mucosa and wall adjacent to this mass is ragged, disrupted and hemorrhagic with hemorrhage and necrosis in the surrounding pericoloic soft tissues. No gross invasion beyond the wall is noted and this mass is 6 cm from the circumferential soft tissue margin. Within the cecum there is an additional 4.5 x 2.7 x 1.8 cm exophytic polypoid mass. This mass is 17 cm from the distal margin and 22 cm from the proximal margin. Again, no invasion through the several additional smaller, up to 0.6 cm, mucosal polyps and focal areas of congestion. The ileal mucosa is tan-pink with a few polypoid projections and a 2.3 x 1.3 cm flat granular area 6 cm from the proximal margin and 27 cm from the distal margin. No invasion into the mesenteric fat is noted and the lesion is 3.5 cm from the mesenteric resection margin. The cut surfaces of the  appendix display a lumen lined by congested mucosa. Multiple lymph nodes are identified in the attached fat. Representative sections are submitted as labeled: A-C tumor in ascending colon to pericolonic fat and serosal/peritonealized surface; D-E distal ascending colon polypoid mass with adjacent ragged hemorrhagic disrupted area; F-G cecal polypoid mass; H smaller colonic  mucosal polyps; I fiat and granular irregular area in small bowel; J small bowel mucosa with small polypoid projections; K distal margin and en face circumferential soft tissue margin; L proximal margin and appendix; M six lymph nodes; N six lymph nodes; O six lymph nodes; P six lymph nodes. Cpt coDe(s): ICD-9 CODE(S): FACILITY: 88342 x4, 88309, 8721 [1539] 1213 END OF REPORT