
--- Page 1 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEN Right hemicolectomy with en block resection of abdominal wall muscle and fascia. CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOSIS: Tumor of cecum. POST-OP DIAGNOSIS:  Same. GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh for tissue procurement labeled "right hemicolectomy with en bloc" is a previously unopened, 24 cm segment of proximal right colon with attached 17 cm of distal ileum surfaced by smooth to scabrous. can-pink serosa with a moderate amount of attached mesocolon, mesentery and unremarkable omentum. An irregular 5 x 5 x 2.5 cm fragment of red-brown skeletal muscle is present in the vicinity of the cecal pouch. The cauterized surface of the portion of abdominal wall is inked blue (representing true surgical resection margin in that area). A scant amount of adherent omentum and retracted serosal surface are also present in the vicinity of the attached portion of abdominal wall (subsequently radial serosal surface). An unremarkable 7.2 cm in length, 0.9 cm in diameter appendix is  The proximal and distal margins measure 4 and 8 cm in circumference respectively.  On opening, there is a nearly. measuring 11.0 x 5.7 cm. On sectioning, the tumor has a maximal. thickness of 2.8 cm, grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.5 cm of the inked cauterized resection margin (abdominal wall) (see paired contiguous sections blocks 2&3 and 4&5) and within 0.6 cm of the inked free radial serosal surface (see bisected contiguous sections block 6 and 7).  The ileal and remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable glistening tan-pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.4 cm in thickness. Two palpable rubbery tan-pink-red apical lymph nodes averaging 1.3 cm in greatest dimension are. recovered from the attached mesocolon. Numerous additional rubbery pale tan lymph nodes, 2.8 cm in greatest dimension, are recovered from the remainder of the mesocolon and mesentery. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal mucosa are submitted for tissue. procurement as requeste presentative sections are submitted in 25 blocks as labeled.. BLOCK SUMMARY: and distal margins; 2&3, 4&5 - tumor to. inked cauterized abdominal wall margin and serosal surface with points of continuity inked red and green respectively; 6&7 bisected sections, tumor full thickness to inked free radial serosal surface, point of continuity inked black;.  tumor to proximal. mucosa/at Icv; 9&10 - additional bisected section of tumor to. abdominal wall (point of continuity inked violet); 11 - random ileum and colon; 12 - appendix; 13&14 - bisected apical lymph node (one bisected node per cassette); 15&16 - six whole lymph nodes per cassette; 17-21 - one bisected lymph node per cassette; 22&23 - one bisected lymph node (1/2 cassette); 24&25 - one bisected lymph node (1/2 per cassette).

--- Page 2 ---
MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma, NOS. Histologic grade:  Moderately-differentiated. Primary tumor (pT): Tumor invades through the muscularis propria. into the serosal fat (pT3). Proximal margin:  Negative. Distal margin: Negative. Circumferential (radial) margin:  Negative. Vascular invasion: Negative. Regional lymph nodes (pN): 19 mesenteric lymph nodes are negative for metastatic carcinoma (0/19) (pN0). Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Absent. Distant metastasis (pM): pMx. Other findings: There is a large area of pericolonic abscess. formation and inflammatory activity present next to the tumor which has produced adhesion of the abdominal wall to the colon. No direct invasion by tumor is present at that site. Appendix without significant histopathologic finding. 5 DIAGNOSIS Terminal ileum, appendix, right colon and abdominal wall, en bloc resection: Invasive moderately-differentiated colonic adenocarcinoma. extending through the wall of the cecum into the serosal fat.. There are areas of abscess formation and inflammation between the abdominal wall and cecum producing adhesion of the abdominal wall to the colon. No direct invasion of this area by tumor is present. The proximal, distal and radial margins of resection are free of tumor.  Nineteen mesenteric lymph nodes negative for metastatic. carcinoma (0/19). Appendix without significant histopathologic. finding.  End Of Report