
--- Page 1 ---
Patient Results. Anatomical Pathology results - Performed from UUID:58B63340-2A48-4ACB-A6D0-D8DF68A05889 TCGA-UD-AAC5-01A-PR Redacted M istopathology At least I Final Result Histopathology Final LAB. NO. PATIENT ADDRESS DOCTOR WARD sex REQUEST DATE D.0.B. DATE RECEIVED CONSULTANT SPECIMEN: A. Bronchial lymph node  Mediastinal lymph node C. Extrapleural pneumonectomy D. Thymic lymph node CLINICAL : Extrapleural pneumonectomy for mesothelioma. Submitted bronchial, mediastinal, thymic lymph nodes and pericardial fluid. Superior part of specimen sent for research and anteromedial part re-attached (resected separately). MACROSCOPIC: A. Two dark tan/black lobulated pieces of tissue each 9 x 7 x 6mm and 7 x 5 4mm. The larger specimen is bisected.. A  lobulated tan/grey piece of tissue, 15 x 10 x 8mm with surrounding blood clot. The specimen is bisected. ICw-o-3 BLOCK KEY: 1:node, 2:blood clot C. The specimen consists of a 1464g (post-fixation) left  extrapleural pneumonectomy specimen (250 x 230 x 90mm) consisting of lung, 145mm (anterior/posterior) x 40mm (medial/lateral) x 165mm), parietal pleura, pericardium (105 x 95 x 5mm) and hemi-diaphragm (185 x 80 x 25 to 8mm).  The apical,  anterior, lateral and posterior parietal pleural surfaces are grossly thickened and exhibit subtle diffuse firm pale nodulation.  The medial parietal pleural surface above the hilum also shows similar. appearances. Multiple foci of small whitish tumour nodules are present within the inner aspect of the parietal pericardium, extending over an area' of 65 x 55mm. There is a defect in C38. the anterolateral pleural wali, 70 x 35mm in area, which most likely represents specimen taken for research prior to receipt.. There are eight anthracotic hilar nodes, ranging in size from 15 x 6 x 5mm to 7 x 4 x 4mm, of which only the smallest shows macroscopic involvement by tumour. The specimen is serially sliced transversely into multiple slices from apex to hemi-diaphragm, revealing firm, rind-like cream/white tumour encasing the entire circumference of the parietal pleura. In areas, there is fusion of the parietal and visceral pleura with a large loculated effusion present laterally. Tumour extends into the interlobar septa and into the subpleural lung parenchyma to a maximum depth of 17mm.  There is extensive involvement of mediastinal. fat as demonstrated by intersecting bridges of firm white tumour.  Tumour lies in close proximity to the anterior and posterior pericardial resection margins as well as the medial, lateral, anterior and posterior diaphragmatic resection margins. Photographs taken. BLOCK KEY: 1:bronchial line of resection, 2-5:hilar lymph nodes, 6:hilar lymph node, metastatic tumour, pericardium resection margin, 9:anterior diaphragm resection margin, 10:posterior diaphragm resection margin, ll:medial diaphragm resection margin, 12:lateral diaphragm resection margin, 13:additional hilar nodes, 14,15:lateral parietal pleura, 16:parietal and visceral pleura with diaphragm,  17-19:medial pleura, 20-22:visceral pleura (lateral, involving lung), 23,24:tumour and mediastinal fat, 25-27:tumour and lung, 2 28:tumour and lateral pleura, 29:non- surface. D. Fatty tissue, 20 x 15 x 7mm within which is an anthracotic lymph node, 13 x 7 X 6mm. There appears to be no macrosranic tumour involvement..  The specimen is bisected. Requested by: Printed from: : Page: I of's.

--- Page 2 ---
Patient Results Anatomical Pathology results - Performed from M Histopathology At least I Final Result  MICROSCOPIC: A. The sections show a lymph node laden with histiocytes containing  carbon pigment.  Within the subcapsular sinus, there is one small focus of metastatic mesothelioma, less than lmm, with focal 'extra capsular' extension to a distance of less than 0.5mm. B. The sections show shows a lymph node with one small focus, 1.5mm, of metastatic malignant mesothelioma.  Multiple sections of the left extrapleural pneumonectomy C. were taken, including the various resection margins from anterior and posterior pericardium, anterior, posterior,  lateral and medial diaphragm, parietal pleura. and mediastinal fat. The sections confirm..malignant mesothelioma.  exhibiting predominantly an epithelial growth pattern with.a very small component (5%) of sarcomatous pattern. The vast majority'of the tumour is characterised  by pavement-like  sheets of large cells often exhibiting a microcystic growth pattern with focal necrosis. There is abundant pale basophilic material,. confirmed to be hyaluronate on an Alcian blue/hyaluronidase stain. The malignant cells  possess monotonous, round to oval to.mildly pleomorphic vesicular nuclei,. prominent nucleoli and abundant, often yacuolated cytoplasm.  In focal areas the cells exhibit a spindled morphology, intermixed with moderate amounts of dense collagen. Lymphovascular space invasion is noted.. There is extensive involvement of all parietal  pleural resection margins. Tumour lies close to the anterior pericardial resection margin, as well as the anterior, posterior, medial and lateral. diaphragmatic resection margins. There is  subpleural extension into lung and extension to the internal surface of the pericardium. The  sections also confirm invasion of the mediastinal fat. The bronchial  resection margin is clear of tumour and there is no invasion of the bronchial tree at the hilum (described macroscopically)..  Of eight hilar lymph nodes retrieved, one small lymph node shows near ~complete replacement metastatic tumour with extracapsular extension to a distance of 0.5mm.. D. The  sections show a lymph node with abundant histiocytes containing  carbon pigment. There is no evidence of micrometastasis identified by light microscopy. CONCLUSION: A. Bronchial lymph node: Micrometastasis, less than 1mm, of metastatic mesothelioma,  with focal extracapsular extension.. B. Mediastinal lymph node: Micrometastasis, l.5mm, of malignant mesothelioma. C. Extrapleural pneumonectomy: 1. Extensive involvement by malignant mesothelioma, predominantly of epithelial pattern, with focal (5 % or less) sarcomatous pattern.. 2. Tumour 'lies focally close to anterior pericardial resection margin and. anterior, posterior, medial and lateral diaphragmatic resection margins. There is  subpleural invasion of the lung parenchyma and extension to the internal surface of the pericardium..  Involvement beyond the parietal pleural margin is extensive  with invasion into mediastinal fat. Bronchial resection margin is clear of tumour. 3. Of  eight  hilar lymph nodes, one is.positive with focal extracapsular extension (1/8). D. Thymic lymph node: Negative for malignancy, no micrometastases.. REGISTRAR: PATHOLOGIST: DOCTOR REVIEWING: DATED: ELECTRONICALLY VALIDATED: Criteria 11//9/13 Case is (circle Requested by: Printed from:  Page: 2 of 3.