
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:90F83655-038B-412C-91BD-84CC3A420104 TCGA-A7-A3IZ-01A-PR Redacted Final Surgical Pathology Report JCs-u- 3 i nicinom,mfi(tatng ,le bulx.Nvs Procedure: 8,5x0f3 Situ: hust,nos c5o.q Diagnosis A. Sentinel lymph node #1, excision: Rare isolated cytokeratin positive cells (pnoi+). j 0/8/n B. Right breast, resection:. Invasive lobular carcinoma, 2.6 cm, extending to involve the inferior. and lateral margins. Microscopic Description:. Microscopic examination performed. A.  Sentinel lymph nodes examined at multiple levels section and H&E. staining as well as immunohistochemistry for pan-keratin. NO metastasis is seen on H&E staining. On pancytokeratin stain there are. rare isolated cytokeratin positive cells (pnoi+). B.  The following template applies to the right breast: Invasive Carcinoma: Histologic type: Invasive lobular cancer Histologic grade: Overall grade: 2 Architectural score: 3 Nuclear score: 2 Mitotic score: 1 Greatest dimension (pT): 2.6 cm, pT2 Specimen margins: Positive, invasive cancer extends to the. inferior margin, (green ink) in B1 and B3 and the lateral margin, (yellow ink) B7 Vessel invasion: Not identified Calcification: Present Ductal carcinoma in situ: not identified Description of non-tumorous breast: Biopsy site changes Comments: None Prognostic markers: Previously performed Specimen A. Sentinel node #1 - Right breast(single long stitch lateral, double stitch anterior) Clinical Information Right breast cancer Gross Description A. Container A is labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "sentinel node #1". The specimen container holds a single rubbery tan lymph node measuring 1.2 x 1 x 0.8 cm. It is bisected and. submitted in blocks Al and A2.

--- Page 2 ---
 Container B is labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "right breast - single long lateral, double stitch anterior". The specimen is inked as follows blue - anterior; left. posterior; yellow inferior.  The specimen measurements are 8.7 x 7.5 x 5.2 cm in greatest dimensions. The specimen is serially sectioned. Near the inferior. lateral surgical margin there is than visible and measures 2.6 x 2.2 x 1.5 cm.  Biopsy site changes are evident.  This mass appears to extend close to the inferior margin. Tissue is obtained for tissue procurement.. Representative sections are submitted in B1-B14. UA sU p2j 8/11