
--- Page 1 ---
DIAGNOSIS: 1. Mass, right kidney (partial nephrectomy): Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type I; incipient lesion is seen in adjacent kidney parenchyma, see note. 2. Fat, overlying tumor (excision): Fibroadipose tissue, no tumor seen.. NOTE: Kidney Partial Nephrectomy Summary Table. Macroscopic Specimen Type: Partial nephrectomy Laterality: Right Tumor Size: 5.5 x 4.2 x 2.3 cm Focality: Unifocal with adjacent incipient lesion Macro Extent of Tumor: Limited to the kidney Microscopic Histologic Type: Renal cell carcinoma, papillary type I. Extent of Invasion Primary Tumor(pT): pT1b Regional Lymph Nodes(pN): pNX Distant Metastisis(pM): pMX Margins: Can not be assessed. CLINICAL INFORMATION: Brief Clinical History: with bilat multifocal tumors Patient Identification

--- Page 2 ---
Specimen Taken For Protocol:. PRocEDuRE: Pre-Operative Diagnosis: Bilateral renal masses Post-Operative. Diagnosis: Bilateral renal masses Operative Findings: 3 cm R upper pole tumor with satelite lesion SPECIMENS SUBMITTED: 1. KIDNEY, RIGHT, Mass 2. FAT, Overlying tumor. GROss DEscRiPTION: Received are 2 formalin-filled containers labeled with the patient's name, medical record number, and further described as follows: 1. "Right kidney mass". Received fresh from OR labeled with the patient's name, medical record number and "right kidney mass" is a 5.5 x 4.2 x 2.3 cm, tan, friable tumor, with a small rim of normal parenchyma, a second nodule measuring 0.5 x 0.4 cm is present. Approximately 50% of both tumors and 5 mL of normal kidney parenchyma procured for Research. Macroscopic images were taken. The procurement was performed by Received in Surgical Pathology, the specimen is serially sectioned and representative sections are submitted in white cassettes labeled through 1D for serial. sectioning. 2. "Fat overlying tumor". The specimen consists of 2 pieces of yellow adipose tissue measuring 3.5 x 3 x 0.5 cm in aggregate. The specimen is serially sectioned and no gross tumor identified. The specimen is entirely. submitted in white cassettes labeled through 2E for serial sectioning..