
--- Page 1 ---
tcD-6-3 avcino mc, ena) cel Ch^omophebe tpe 8317|3 Site DKidney NsS Cb4.9 AO kx/Q4 112 Sex: Male D.O.B: MRN UUID:F5F1532B-759D-4195-8C33-33C1D6DF8F25 TCGA-NP-A5H6-01A-PR Redacted Accession #: Acct / Reg SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT DIAGNOSIS  DIAGNOSIS: Left kidney, radical nephrectomy: Tumor Characteristics: . Histologic type: Renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe type. 2. Tumor site: Lett kidney, upper pole. 3. Tumor tocality: Unifocal. 4. Tumor size: 8.0 x 6.5 x 6.0 cm.. 5. Macroscopic/microscopic extent of tumor: Turmor is conlined to the kidney; with no evidence of transcapsular or perinephric soft tissue invasion. 6. Nuclear grade: Fuhrman grade 3-4/4. 7. Lymphovascular space invasion: No. 8. Sarcornatoid features: No. Surglcal Margin Status: 1. Vascular, ureteral. and perinephric margins are all negative for tumor. Lymph Node Status: No lymph nodes are identified with the specimen. Other: 1. TNM stage: T2a NX MX. Electronic Signature: COMMENTS:  Representative sections of this tumor have also been reviewed concurs with the diagnosis. CLINICAL INFORMATION CLINICAL HISTORY: Preoperative Diagnosis: Abdominal mass, unspecified site Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: Left kidney SPECIMEN DATA GROSS DESCRIPTION: The specimen is received labelet Ioft kidney. The specirnen consists of a kidney with attached perinephric fat that measures 28.0 x 16.0. x 7.5 cm, and weighs 110t gm. Tnere is no adrenal gland attached to the specimen. The ureter measures 10.0 cm in length and up to 0.5 cm diameter.  The surtace is gray-tan to brown-tan. On opening the ureter, the mucosal surtace is light tan and reveals normal mucosal folds. There is no material or lesions identitied. The renal artery measures 2.5 cm in length and 0.5 cm in diameter and is grossly unrernarkable. The renal vein rneasures 2.0 crn in Iength and up to 1.0 cm in diameter, and is likewise grossly unremarkable. At the hilum, there are no lymph nodes identified. The sott tissue resected rnargin is yellow to brown-tan with slight adhesions. The margin is inked. The kidney is bisected and reveals a circumscribed brown-tan to yellow-tan hemorrhagic mass within the upper pole measuring 8.0 x 6.5 x 6.0 cm. On sectioning, the mass appears grossly contined to the capsule. There is no invasion into the surrounding perinephric tat. The mass comes within 0.1 cm ot the inked resected margin. The mass does not invoive the renai calices or pelvis. The lining of the renal calices and pelvis is gray-tan, unremarkable. The surrounding renal cortex neasures up to 1.0 cm, is brown-tan. ang shows a well-dernarcated corticomedullary junction. There are no other lesions identified grossly. Received with the specimen are three cassettes, ono green, one yellow and one blue, labeled  with the yellow additionally labeled -16, the green additionally labeled -17, and the blue. additionally labeled -18. Representative sections are submitted in cassettes labeled. as follows:sections from the mass 14ureter-5 renal artery and vein -- 6; surrounding uninvolved kidney -- 7. Criteria Diagnosis Dicrep rimary mor Site Discrepan