
--- Page 1 ---
Icp-0-3 8503fj (invasive) S,tx. buwt.nos c50.9 3111| page 1 / 2 Department of Cancer Pathology copy No. Date: Examination: Intraoperative examination Internal invoice No. Cost of diagnostic procedure Examination No.: Patient: xxx PESEL: XXX Age: Gender: F Material: Multiple organ resection -- right breast. Unit in charge:. Physician in charge: Material collected on Material received on: ' Expected time of examination: 20 minutes (from receipt of the material) Clinical diagnosis: Suspected cancer of the right breast. Lesion on the boundary of the upper quadrants. Examination performed or Result of intraoperative examination: UUID: 0EA57ABF-E3DA-4862-BAB8-A6E36408AC42 Carcinoma probabiliter invasivum. TCGA-D8-A13S-01A-PR Redacted Final diagnosis after paraffin specimens are analysed. Compliance validated by:  Examination performed on: Macroscopic description: Surgical specimen sized 5 x 4 x 2 cm with a skin flap of 4 x 0.5 cm. Minimum side margin 0.2 cm. Result of intraoperative examination: Carcinoma papillare probabiliter invasivum. Foci Dcis typus cribrosus cum atypia gradus levioris ad mediocrum sine necrosis. Final diagnosis after immunohistochemical tests. Compliance validated by: Examination performed on: Results of immunohistochemical examination: Estrogen receptors found in over 75% of neoplastic cell nuclei.  Progesterone receptors found in over 75% of neoplastic cell nuclei. HER2 protein stained with HercepTestTM by DAKO. Negative reaction in invasive cancerous cells ( Score = 0 ) Compliance validated by: Examination performed on:

--- Page 2 ---
page 2 / 2 Examination: Intraoperative examination Examination No. Patient: xxx PESEL: XXX Gender: F Examination performed on: Histopathological diagnosis: Carcinoma papillare probabiliter invasivum NHG1 (2 + 2 +1/0 mitoses/ 10 HPF, visual area diameter: 0.55 m). Corresponds to invasive papillary carcinoma of the right breast. Solitary foci of Dcis (cribrate type with medium nuclear atypia, without necrosis). The immunohistochemical test showed the absence of a myoepithelial cell stratum around the foci of the invasive lesion (p63-, SMA'). The cells show negative reaction withck5/6. Cytokeratin 7 present in part of the cells. Compliance validated by:. Examination performed on: Suplementary test Expression of the Ki67 proliferation antigen showed in 5% of cellular nuclei (20% in hot spots) Compliance validated by