
--- Page 1 ---
page 1 / 1 Department of Cancer Pathology. copy No. 6 Date: Examination: Histopathological examination Internal invoice No. Cost of diagnostic procedure Examination No.: Patient: XXX PESEL: XXX Age: Gender: Material: 1. Partial organ resection - rectum and sigmoid colon. 2. Total organ resection -- appendix. 3. Multiple organ resection - oviducts and ovary 4. Total organ resection -- left overy. 5. Scrapings - small intestine, mesentery 6. Lesion excision - intestine Unit in charge: Physician in charge: Material collected on Material received on: Expected time of examination: Clinical diagnosis: Left oviducts and ovary Examination performed on: Macroscopic description: 1. A 18.4 cm length of the large intestine with a 20 x 4 x 3.5 cm piece of mesentery. Ulcerous tumour sized 3.6 x 3.8 x 0.9 cm found in the mucosa. The lesion surrounds 90% of the intestine circumference, is located 8.6 cm from one of the incision lines and 8.8 cm from the other. 2. Appendix of 5.9 cm in length. 3. Left ovary sized: 4.2 x 2.3 x 2.2 cm with oviduct of 10 cm in length.. 4. Fragment of the ovary sized: 4.4 x 2.7 x 1.3 cm with a cyst of 1.5 cm. 5. Many specimens of 0.8 cm diameter. 6. Two tissue rings of 2 cm diameter. Microscopic description: 1. Adenocarcinoma tubulare (G2). Infiltratio carcinomatosa telae adiposae pericolicae. Intensive inflammatory infiltration around the tumour.. Incision lines free of neoplastic lesions. Metastases carcinomatosae in Iymphonodo (NO i/xII) Histopathological Diagnosis: 1. Adenocarcinoma tubulare coli. Tubular adenocarcinoma of the colon. Metastases carcinomatosae in lymphonodo. Cancer metastases in the lymph nodes (No I/xIl). (G2, Dukes C, Astler - Coller C2, pT3, pNI). 2. Appendicitis chronica. Chronic appendicitis. 3. Corpus luteum haemorrhagicum ovarii. Haemorrhagic corpus luteum of the ovary 4. Metastasis carcinomatosa in ovario: adenocarcinoma tubulare cologenes. Cancer metastases into ovary. 5. Fragment of fibrous tissue with inflammatory infiltration.. 6. Neoplastic lesions not detected.. Compliance validated by: CONTACT YOUR DOCTOR WITH THIS REPORT