
--- Page 1 ---
IeD-o3 8$0/3 BrseD NoS C5>.9 Q]13 Final Surgical Pathology Report UUID:A56585F9-9651-472B-BF53-C708A686E87D TCGA-A7-A5ZW-01A-PR  Redacted Procedure: Diagnosis Invasive ductal carcinoma, grade 2; 1.7 cm (pTlc) Ductal carcinoma in situ, cribriform type, nuclear grade 2  Resection margins negative for invasive and in situ carcinoma Unremarkable skin  Right axillary sentinel lymph node, excisional biopsy: B. Metastatic ductal carcinoma, 7 mm size with extranodal extension (snpN1a) Microscopic Description: Microscopic examination performed. A. Microscopic examination of the right breast lumpectomy specimen is summarized in the template below: Invasive Carcinoma: Histologic type: Invasive ductal carcinoma Histologic grade: 2. Overall grade: Architectural score: 2 Nuclear score: 2 Mitotic score: 2 Greatest dimension (pT): 1.7 CM (pT1c) Specimen margins: Negative for carcinoma. Closest margin is superior where tumor is 5 mm from the margin.. Vessel invasion: Not identified Calcification: Present Ductal carcinoma in situ: Histologic pattern: -Cribriform Nuclear grade: 2 Central Necrosis: Absent % Dcis of total tumor (if mixed): Approximately 10% Extensive intraductal component (present/absent): Absent Specimen margins: Negative for DcIS Calcification: Focally present Description of non-tumorous breast: Fibrosis, apocrine metaplasia, microcysts and ordinary ductal hyperplasia and adenosis. Comments: Core biopsy site changes are present.. The tumor areas of to more mitotic activity. The skin is histologically unremarkable with no extension of tumor into the skin ellipse. Prognostic markers: Performed on the prior core biopsy  Microscopic examination of the sentinel node involve the evaluation B. of 3 H&E-stained sections of each of the 3 tissue blocks. Metastatic ductal carcinoma is identified in blocks 1 and 2 and extranodal tumor is identified in block 1. The size of the tumor is 7 mm (

--- Page 2 ---
Specimen A. Right breast segments B. Right sentinel iymph node axilla (hot/blue 812). Clinical Information Breast cancer Gross Description A. Received fresh and subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "right breast segment" is a 9.3 x 8.7 x 4.3 cm yellow lobular fatty tissue fragment showing gross evidence of blue ink staining. The specimen is received in a transpect container and is partially covered with a 5.7 x 1.3 cm brown-tan wrinkled skin ellipse. The specimen has a double suture designating anterior and a single suture designating lateral. The specimen is inked as follows: The margins are inked as follows The specimen is serially The specimen shows a yellow white, sectioned from medial to lateral.. fibrofatty cut surface with a 1.7 x 1.5 x 1.5 cm ill circumscribed white tan firm lesion which comes within 0.5 cm of the superior margin, 1.5 cm of the inferior margin, within 2 cm of the skin, greater than 5 cm of the posterior margin and greater than 2.5 cm of the medial and lateral margins. The lesion is stellate and shows white rice-like pellets, grossly consistent with previous biopsy site. No additional gross lesions are identified. The specimen is received in pathology at and fixed in formalin at Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: 1 - representative medial margin, 2 - representative lateral margin, 3 - representative section of the deep/ posterior margin,. - 10 - representative sections of tumor to closest margin and skin. Rs 10.. B. Received fresh and subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "right sentinel node" is a 2.4 x 1.5 x 1.0 cm blue stained pink yellow irregular rubbery tissue fragment. The specimen is trisected to show an irregular white firm central focus measuring 0.7 cm in greatest dimension. AS- 3. w 3/1s13