
--- Page 1 ---
IcDO3 UUIDB8E026C7 Redacted Courenoms, rensS ciIl Cu5msphobe type 8317l3 Sit. RKidney NOS Surgical Pathology Report C649 JJ 9/z4|13 Diagnosis: Kidney, right, nephrectomy. - Renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe type. - Furhman nuclear grade: 2. - Tumor size: 3.3 cm. - Extent of involvement: Tumor is confined to the kidney. - Angiolymphatic and perineural invasion: Absent. - Margins: Negative. Clinical History: The patient is a -year-old Caucasian female with a right renal mass who undergoes laparoscopic nephrectomy. Gross Description: Received in a formalin-filled container, additionally labeled "R kidney". Specimen fixation: Formalin Type of specimen: Partial laparoscopic nephrectomy Side of specimen: Right Size and weight of specimen: 185 grams, 10 x 5.3 x 3.2 cm (post fixation) kidney with a 14 x 5 x 2.5 cm portion of attached perinephric fat. This fat is only attached near the hilum and focally at the superior and inferior poles. It is not clear grossly how this fat is oriented on the specimen. Presence/absence of adrenal gland: Absent Tumor description/site: There is an upper pole, medullary mass, which is compressing both the medulla. cortex and pelvis. The mass is variegated, bright orange, and dark brown and hemorrhagic and soft. The renal capsule is intact and the external surface of the kidney overlying the tumor is inked black. Tumor size: 3.3 x 2.5 x 1.3 cm Presence/absence of multicentricity: Absent

--- Page 2 ---
Confinement/non-confinement to the kidney: Confined Extent of invasion: Perirenal adipose tissue: Tumor does not grossly involve Gerota' s fascia: Tumor does not grossly involve. Renal vein: Tumor does not grossly involve Ureter: Tumor does not grossly involve Other organs: N/A Surgical margins: Perirenal adipose tissue: Negative Renal vein: Negative. Renal artery: Negative. Ureter: Negative Description of kidney away from tumor: The remainder of the renal parenchyma is brown/tan with a distinct corticomedullary junction and the cortex measuring 3 mm on average and the medulla. measuring 1.5 cm. There is no evidence of papillary necrosis. The external upper pole. is remarkable for a 1.3 x 0.2 cm small caliber tubular structure (? Vessel) by extending out from the. upper pole, hilar surface.. Lymph nodes (hilar): The hilar adipose tissue is palpated for lymph node candidates, however, no lymph. nodes are identified.. Comment: The perirenal adipose tissue is unremarkable except for a hemorrhagic external surface. The fat is freely moveable over the surface. Block Summary: A1 - Ureter and hilar vascular margins, en face A2 - Tumor and black inked external surface, cross. section of upper pole, small caliber vascular structure A3 - Additional tumor and capsule A4 - Tumor and normal kidney A5 - Normal kidney, lower pole Light Microscopy: Light microscopic examination is performed by Dr.. Immunostains were performed on A3. The tumor cells show strong reactivity for CD117 and focal staining for CK7. Stains for CK20, CD10, CD15, and vimentin are all negative. These findings support a diagnosis of chromophobe RCC and argue against a diagnosis of oncocytoma.. Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe. Histologic grade (if applicable): grade 2 of 4; focally, there is higher grade atypia.