
--- Page 1 ---
TCGA-A6-2677 SPECIMEN Right colon tissure procurement CLINICAL NOTES GROSS DESCRIPTION Received fresh for tissue procurement labeled "right colon" is a previously-unopened 30 cm segment of proximal right colon with attached 21 cm of distal ileum surfaced by smooth scabrous tan-pink serosa with a moderate amount of attached mesentery, mesocolon, and unremarkable omentum. An unremarkable 3.4 cm appendix averaging 0.5 cm in diameter is present. The proximal and distal margins measure 3 and 5.5 cm in circumference, respectively. On opening, there is a well-circumscribed, 5 x 4.4 cm rubbery white-pink tumor mass involving and extending distal to the ileocecal valve. A portion is submitted for tissue procurement, as requested. On sectioning, the tumor is a maximal thickness of 0.6 cm, grossly extending into the muscularis to within 0.1 cm of the inked-free radial surface. The ileal and remaining colonic mucosa is unremarkable glistening tan-pink with regular folds and the walls average 0.5 cm in thickness. Multiple soft to slightly rubbery tan-pink to tan-white tissues, in keeping with lymph nodes, measuring up to 2.4 cm in greatest dimension are recovered from the attached mesocolon and mesentery. The cut surfaces of the two largest lymph nodes are tan-white, in keeping with metastasis. Representative sections are submitted in 17 blocks, a labeled. RS-17. BLOCK SUMMARY:  1 - Proximal and distal margin, 2 - tumor full-thickness to closest inked-free radial serosal surface, 3 and  additional sections of tumor, including tumor to normal mucosa, 5 - tumor IcB, 6 - random ileum, 7 and 8 - random colon, 9 -- appendix, 10 and 11 - eight whole lymph nodes per cassette, 12 and 13 - seven

--- Page 2 ---
GROSS DESCRIPTION whole lymph nodes per cassette, 14 and 15 - one bisected lymph node per cassette, 16 and 17 - representative sections from two largest, grossly positive lymph nodes (one lymph node represented per MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma. Histologic grade:. Moderately differentiated.. Primary tumor (pT): Primary tumor extends through muscularis propria (pT3).. Proximal margin: Uninvolved.. Distal margin: Uninvolved.. Circumferential (radial) margin: Uninvolved. Vascular invasion: Not identified. Regional lymph nodes (pN): Metastatic adenocarcinoma is present in five of thirty lymph nodes, 5/30 (pN2).. Non-lymph node pericolonic tumor: Not identified. Distant metastasis (pM): Cannot be evaluated by the specimen (pMX) . Other findings:. None. 5 DIAGNOSIS Right colon, resection: - Adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated, depth of invasion through muscularis propria.. Surgical margins uninvolved..  Metastatic adenocarcinoma in five of thirty lymph nodes (5/30). DIAGNOSIS