
--- Page 1 ---
UUID:794A5996-F823-400F-A67E-B0119DCD38B4 TCGA-UN-AAZ9-01A-PR Redacted SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT Date Reported: SPECIMEN(S) RECEIVED LEFT KIDNEY FINAL DIAGNOSIS IeD 0-3 LEFT KIDNEY: C'arunwnx, yoapullary renal oelL 8Qitk3 Procedure: Radical Nephrectomy Site:O4iday NdS ci4.q Specimen laterality: Left AJ H/8oJ74y Tumor Site: Upper pole Tumor Size: Greatest dimension: 6 cm. Additional dimensions: 5 x 3 cm. Tumor Focality: Unifocal Macroscopic Extent of Tumor: Tumor limited to kidney Histologic Type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma Histologic Grade (Fuhrman Nuclear Grade): G2: Nuclei slightly irregular, approximately 15 m; nucleoli evident Microscopic Tumor Extension: Tumor limited to kidney Margins: Margins uninvolved by invasive carcinoma Lymph-Vascular Invasion: Not identified Pathologic Staging (pTNM) Primary Tumor (pT) pT1b:  Tumor more than 4 cm but not more than 7 cm in greatest dimension, limited to the kidney Regional Lymph Nodes (pN) pNO: No regional lymph node metastasis Specify: Number examined: 0. Number positive: 0. Distant Metastasis (pM) Not applicable AJCC Pathologic Stage (7th Edition): (pT1b, pN0) Pathologic Findings in Nonneoplastic Kidney: Page 1 of 2

--- Page 2 ---
SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORTS Glomerular disease (specity type): glomerular sclerosis Tubulointerstitial disease (specity type): chronic intersttial nephritis. *** Report Electronically Signed **** CLINICAL DIAGNOSIS AND HISTORY Left renal mass GROSS DESCRIPTION The specimen is received fresh in a single container labeled with the patient's name, medical record number, and Identified as "Left Kidney". The specimen consists of a left kidney weighing 286.2 grams and adjacent perirenal fat measuring 15 x 6.5 x 5.5 cm. The  specimen is bivalved to show a disrupted tumor measuring approximately 6 x 5 x 3 cm with crumbling papilary pieces in the upper  pole ot the kidney. Note: On imaging this mass measured up to 6.7 cm in greatest cranial caudai dimension. The mass clearly. disrupts the capsular surface at the upper pole. The mass is kocated 0.7 cm from the renal pelvis and does not appear to invade the pelvic structures. The remainder of the renal cortex is tan-brown with a well-defined cortical medullary junction. The renal cortex measures 0.6 cm in thickness and the medulla measures 1.5 cm in thickness. The pelvis and calyces are covered by smooth glistening mucosa. The adipose tissue is thinly sectioned and no lymph nodes are found. The specimen is submitted in cassettes as follows: 1and 2- tumor and areas of necrosis, 3- tumor with capsule (3 fragments), 4 and 5- tumor with adjacent  normal renal parenchyma, 6- pelvic structure margins, 7- tumor near renal parenchyma, 8 and 9- sections of unremarkable kidney parenchyma, and 10- perirenal fat. The specimen ls submitted representatively in ten cassettes. Dictated by: Dual/Synchronous Prin Case is (circie) P4 By the signature above, the senior pathologist certifies that s/he personally conducted the evaluation of the described specimen(s) and rendered the diagnosis(es) related thereto. Page 2 of 2