
--- Page 1 ---
IcD-o 3 8Q66/3  UUID:D45FFC62-48F3-4281-BEAF-F87E320AD6B6 C64.9 TCGA-B3-A6W5-01A-PR Redacted YtJ 7/25/13 9 7/2 s13 Final Surgical Pathology Report Procedure: Diagnosis Right kidney, nephrectomy: Clear cell renal cell carcinoma, with focal papillary features, nuclear grade 3, 2.5 cm with extension into the fat of the renal sinus, margins uninvolved. Separate papillary renal cell carcinoma, nuclear grade 2, 2.8 cm, confined to the kidney, margins uninvolved. Microscopic Description: Microscopic examination performed. The following template applies to the hilar mass: Histologic type: Clear cell carcinoma with focal papillary features. Histologic grade: Fuhrman nuclear grade 3. Primary tumor (pT): The carcinoma is 2.5 cm however extends into the fat of the renal sinus, pT3 Margins of resection:  negative Regional lymph nodes (pN): none submitted, pNX Distant metastasis (pm): cannot be evaluated by this specimen, pMX Adrenal gland: not present Vascular invasion: not identfied Non-neoplastic kidney:  unremarkable Other findings:  none The following template applies to the peripheral tumor. Histologic type: Papillary carcinoma. Histologic grade, Fuhman nuclear grade 2 Primary tumor (pT): 2.8 cm, confined to the kidney, pT1. Margins of resection:  uninvolved Regional lymph nodes (pN): none submitted, pNX. Distant metastasis (pM): pMX. Adrenal gland: not present Vascular invasion: not identified Non-neoplastic kidney: unremarkable Other findings:  none Specimen Right kidney Clinical Information Renal cancer Gross Description Received fresh and subsequently fixed in formalin labeled "right kidney" is a 406 g kidney which is predominant covered with abundant yellow lobular fat measuring 15 x 11 x 5.5 cm. (Weight and measurements including fat). The specimen shows no discrete adrenal gland. There is a 4.0 cm long ureter. The specimen is bivalved to show 2.5 x 2.0 x 2.0 cm orange irregular well-circumscribed mass located at the hilum. This is within 1.2 cm of the stapled hilum. There is an additional pale yellow irregular nodular lesion measuring 2.7 cm in greatest dimension. This is weli-circumscribed and does not appear to grossly invade through the capsule. This is located near the periphery of the

--- Page 2 ---
specimen, approximately 2.8 cm from the hilum and 2 cm from first described tumor. The remainder of the parenchyma is pink red, smooth and glistening with a discrete cortical medullary border. No other. discrete gross lesions are identified. No lymph nodes are grossly identified in the surrounding fat. Representative sections of the specimen are submitted as follows: 1 - vascular and ureteral margins, 2 5- representative tumor to radial margin and normal, 6 - possible representative sections of additional tumor to radial margin (capsule) and normal, 12  - representative section of normal between tumors