
--- Page 1 ---
7D6-3 Cacmomo, rnaQ ceOl Chromephohe83)7/3 SURGICAL PATHOLOGY Site D%idnyHOS Case Number : 0649 8/9]L3 Diagnosis: Kidney, left, partial nephrectomy Histologic tumor type/subtype: renal cell carcinoma, chromophobe. type Sarcomatoid features: not identified Histologic grade (if applicable): 3 (of 4, Fuhrman classification) Tumor size (greatest dimension): 5.1 cm Tumor focality: unifocal Extent of invasion: Extra-capsular invasion into perinephric adipose tissue: not identified Venous (large vessel): not identified Lymphatic (small vessel): not identified Surgical margins: Renal parenchymal margin: negative but close (1 mm to blue in A6) Renal capsular margin: not involved Perinephric adipose tissue margin: not involved. Adrenal gland: not received Lymph nodes: none received Reda ted Other significant findings: none AJCC Staging: pT1b pNx pMx This staging information is based on information available at the time of this report, and is subject to change pending clinical review and additional information.. Clinical History: -year-old female with a left renal mass.

--- Page 2 ---
Gross Description:. Received is one appropriately labeled container, additionally. labeled "left renal mass partial nephrectomy." It holds a 35 gram, 5.2 x 4.7 x 3.4 cm partial nephrectomy with a small amount of attached perinephric fat overlying the capsule. The parenchyma is marked blue and the perinephric fat is inked black. The specimen is sectioned to reveal a 5.1 x 3.4 x 2.2 cm solid, variegated, orange/yellow/tan cortical nodule which focally abuts the blue inked parenchymal margin and expands, but does not grossly breech the capsule. The adjacent renal parenchyma is compressed and grossly unremarkable. The. perinephric fat is grossly unremarkable.. Block summary: Al - tumor and blue inked parenchymal margin. A2 - tumor and perinephric fat. A3 - tumor expanding capsule. A4-A6 - representative central sections of tumor Tumor has been given to Tissue Procurement.. Light Microscopy:. Light microscopic examination is performed by Dr.. Sections show a unifocal mass with solid sheets of eosinophilic and clear cells with focal punched-out perinuclear clearing. The differential includes clear cell carcinoma and eosinophilic. variant of chromophobe carcinoma. To clarify lineage, immunostains were performed, and show reactivity for ck7, with. no reactivity for c-Kit or Rcc. This immunophenotype supports a. diagnosis of chromophobe carcinoma, and makes renal cell carcinoma unlikely. Dr. concurs.