
--- Page 1 ---
Ics-0-3 CaLcinoma,if/thstng duct. N0s 85o0/3 Si#: brt No5 c50.9 4/a7/11  UUID:CCE33A9S-774E-4242-B2A1-05FF002ED1D9 TCGA-A7-A26I-01A-PR Redacted Date Coll: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT SPECIMEn A. Left axillary sentinel node B. Left breast mass.  Long stitch anterior, short stitch superior CLINICAL NOTES PRE-OP DIAGNOsIS: Left breast cancer CLINICAL HISTORY: year-old white female with breast cancer POST-OP DIAGNOSIS:  Left breast cancer. GROSS DESCRIPTION A. Received fresh labeled "left axillary sentinel nodes" with lymph nodes measuring 0.6 and 1.0 cm. in greatest dimension. The specimens are bisected and entirely submitted independently in two blocks (one bisected tissue per cassette). B. Received fresh within a Transpec container labeled "left breast mass" is a 7.3 cm. (medial to lateral) x 6.5 cm. (superior to inferior) x 3.7 cm. (anterior to posterior), soft, lobulated tan gold-white portion of fibroadipose tissue with two sutures as stated previously. The margins are inked as follows: Anterior - blue, posterior - black, superior - green, and inferior Orange.  The specimen is sectioned from medial to lateral. There is a central, moderately well-circumscribed, 3.2 cm. (medial to lateral) x 2.5 cm. (superior to inferior) x 2.4 cm. (anterior to posterior), firm tan white tumor mass with several central. associated cylindrical tan white structures in keeping with cyte of prior needle core biopsy. A portion of tumor and a portion of normal parenchyma are submitted for tissue procurement as requested. The tumor appears to focally extend to within 0.3 cm. of both the anterior and posterior inked margins. The cut surfaces throughout the remainder of the specimen consist predominantly of glistening lobulated golden yellow adipose tissue with a minimal amount of interspersed dense tan-white fibrous tissue.  No additional abnormality is noted.  Representative sections are submitted in a sequential manner from medial to lateral in 10 blocks as labeled. BLOCK SUMMARY:  1 - Representative perpendicular sections medial. margin cap; 2-9 sequential sections; 10 - representative perpendicular sections lateral margin cap. MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION A.  Microscopic examination involved the evaluation of the four H&E stained sections of each of the tissue blocks. Also pan cytokeratin AEl/AE3 immunohistochemical stains were evaluated of each tissue block and no metastatic tumor was. identified in any of the examined sections (0/2) (snpn0).  Microscopic examination of the left breast lumpectomy specimen reveals:

--- Page 2 ---
Invasive Carcinoma: Present. Histologic type: Infiltrating ductal.. Histologic grade: Elston's sBR grade 2. Overall grade: Architectural score: Nuclear score: 2 Mitotic score: 2 Greatest  dimension (pT): 3.2 cm. in greatest dimension (pT2). Specimen margins:  The resection margins are negative for. carcinoma with the closest resection margins being superior and. anterior where invasive tumor is 2 mm. from the resection. margin.  Tumor is 3 mm from the posterior resection margin. Vessel invasion:  Not identified. Calcification: Present. Ductal carcinoma in situ: Present.. Histologic pattern:  Solid with cancerization of lobules.. Nuclear grade: High grade. Central necrosis: % Dcis of total tumor (if mixed): Less than 10%. Extensive intraductal component (present/absent): Absent. Specimen margins: Dcis is 2 mm from the anterior and superior margins and 3 mm from the posterior margin. Calcification: not identified.. and microcysts with sclerosing adenosis. Prognostic markere. H-y. been reported previously on the core. biopsy see 4x2, 20x1 DIAGNOSIS A. Left axillary sentinel lymph nodes, biopsy:. Two lymph nodes negative for metastatic tumor (0/2). B. Left) breast, lumpectomy: Invasive ductal carcinoma, Elston's sBR grade 2, tumor size. 3.2 cm. Associated high grade solid ductal carcinoma in-situ. Invasive and in-situ carcinoma are 2 mm from the resection. margins designated superior and anterior and 3 mm from the. resection margin designated posterior. No lymphovascular space invasion identified.. See microscopic description.. (Electronic Signature)  End Of Report