
--- Page 1 ---
Sex. D.O.8.: MRN # Ref Phy.... SPECIMEN INI Collected: Received: Reported: SURGICAL PATHOLOGY REPORT DIAGNOSIS... DIAGNOSIS: A. Ureter, right, surgical margin, biopsy with frozen section evaluation: Negative for malignancy. Frozen section diagnosis A contirmed.. riten agnosis Discre B. Ureter, left, surgical margin, biopsy with frozen section evaluation: Negative for malignancy. ual/Syr Frozen section diagnosis B confirmed. ase is (circle) DISQUAL C. Urinary bladder, radical cystoprostatectomy: Tumor Characteristics: 1. Histologic type: Urothelial (transitional cell) carcinoma with focal squamous differentiation. 2. Histologic grade: Grade II (poorly differentiated). 3. Tumor size:5.0 by 2.0 cm. 4. Microscopic tumor extension: Malignancy extends completely through the muscular wall of the bladder and into paravesicle adipose tissue. 5. Lymphovascular space invasion: Present. Surgical Margins: 1. Margins uninvolved: Right and left ureters (see parts 1 and 2): paravesicla soft tissues. 2. Margins involved: None identified. Other: 1. Associated epithelial lesions: Mutifocal high-grade urothelial dysplasia/flat carcinoma in situ is present.. 2. Other significant findings: Lymph nodes, left peivic, excision (see part 4): Metastatic high-grade urothelial carcinoma, one of two nodes.. 3. pTNM stage: pT3a, N1. Prostate gland, radical cystoprostatectomy: Tumor Characteristics: . Histologic type: Adenocarcinoma. 2. Prostate size: 4.5 x 4.0 x 3.0 cm. Tumor quantitation: Malignancy is present in both right and left lobes, and estimated to account for approximately 10% of the prostate voiume.. 3 4. Gleason grade:. a. Primary patten: 3/5. b. Secondary pattern: 3/5. 1cD-O3 c. Total Gleason score: 6/10. CaFCi numa,wo+hesiq1, NO5 5 Extraprostatic extension: Not identified.. 6. Seminal vesicle invovement: Not applicable; seminal vesicles not identified grossly. 81 ao/3 7. Lymphovascular space invasion: Not identified. 8. 1 Perinaural invasion: Not Identified. Sik: 9. High grade PIN: Not identified. cQcF- bladder,N0s c67.9 10. Treatnent effect. Not identified. Surgical Margin Status: 1. Margins uninvoived: Right and lot lobes laterally, prostate base. pAyh -bladcer, cnknor wa11 2. Margins involved: Prostatic apex, single microscopic focus. Lymph Node Status: cu73 1. Total number of lymph nodes received: 2 (see part 4). 6--12 Total number of lymph nodes containing metastatic prostate carcinoma: 0. Other: pTNM stage: pT2c, NO D. Lymph nodes, left peivic, excision: UUID:702DCFCC-C28D-4122-B12F-DED2154826BE Metastatic high-grade urothelial carcinorna, one of two nodes.. TCGA-GC-A3YS-01A-PR Redacted Negative for metastatic prostatic adenocarcinoma.

--- Page 2 ---
Electronic Signature:d COMMENTS: The malignancy in the bladder corresponds to those in prior bladder biopsies, The single invoived tymph node damonstrates a high-grade epithellal malignancy, histologically identical to that in the bladder. The malignancy does not resemble the prostatic adenocarcinoma. This case has been reviewed in intradepartmental consuitation and as part of the  agreement with the diagnosis. CLInICAl HIStOry: Preoperative Diagnosis: Not given Postoperative Diagnosis: Symptoms/Radiologic Findings: SPECIMENS: A. Right ureter clip on distal end B. Left ureter clip on distal end C. Bladder and prostate D. Left pelvic lymph node GROSS DESCRIPTION: A. The first container A is labeled with the patient's name 'right ureter dlip on the distal end.' The specimen consists of a segment of ureter  measuring 0.2 cm in length, 0.5 cm in diameter. The specrnen was exanined at the time of surgery and the frozen section is subsequently entirely. submitted in a single cassette 8. The second container B is labeled with the patient's name 3nt ureter.: The specimen consists ot a segment of ureter rmeasuring 0.2 cm.  in length and 0.5 cm in diameter. The specimen was examined at the time of surgery and the frozen section is subsequently entirely submitted in a single cassette labelec. C. The third container C is labeled with the patient's name  bladder and prostate. The specimen consists ot a bladder with attached  prostate and attached perivesicular fat measuring in total 13.0 x 12.0 x 7.5 cm and weighs 312 grams. The bladder itself measures 7.5 x 7.0 x 6.0 cm.. The soft tisue resection margin is yellow to brown-tan, shaggy. The margin has been inked black. The prostatic urethral margin has been inked blue. The bladder is opened anterloriy. The mucosa is gray-tan to brown-tan displaying a gray-brown shaggy mass prinarily on the anterior wall that.  measures 5.0 x 2.7 cm that extends down to the trigone area, is within 2.5 cm of the prostatic urethral margin. The right and len ureters are probed and patent and are uninvoived by the mass. On sectioning through the mass, the rnass extends into the undertying wall. The cut surface is gray-tan and fibrotic. Depth of invasion approximateiy 1.8 cm and comes within 0.3 cm of the inked deep margin. The prostate measures 4.5 x 4.0 x 3.0 cm. The Surface is yollow to gray-tan fibrous. There are no lesions identified groseh Tha camiral vesicles, vas deferens are not identified. Received with the. anacimen are three cassettes, one green, one yellow, one blue labeled.  Representative sections are submitted in cassettes labeled s follows: Perpendicular sections taken from the prostatic uremras margin in blocks 1 and 2; full thickness soctions taken from tha  mass in orxrs 3 tnrough 7; random sections from uninvolved bladder mucosa from the floor, block 8; trigone area block 9; left distal ureter margin, block 10; proximat left ureter taken at the urethra orifice block 11; right distal ureter margin, block 12; right proximal ureter taken at the orifice in block 13; left. prostate lobe, block 14; right prostate lobe, block 15: perpendicular sections taken from the base of the prostate, block 16. D. The fourth container D is labeled with the patient's name. 'left pelvic lymph node.' The specimen consists of a portion of fibroadipose. tissue measuring 4.5 x 3.5 x 1.0 cn. Sectioning reveals two probable lymph nodes that measura 1.8 and 2.5 cm. The lymph nodes are entirely submitted in naesettes labeled n as follows: One probable node trisected, blocks 1 and 2; one probable node trisected in blocks 3 through 5. INTRA-OPERATIVE CONSULTATION: FROZEN SECTION DiAGNOSES: Parts A and B: Negative per Dr.