
--- Page 1 ---
LcD-O-3 eromo, yayellary reral Cell 8Qw0|3 Operative Procedure: Left nephrectomy, median sternotomy Sit: Ctidnuy,Nos C64.9 Pre-Operative Diagnosis: As below 9O 1(os) n3 Post-Operative Diagnosis: As below Specimen Received: Left radical nephrectomy and caval thrombus with hilar and retroperitoneal lymph nodes Final Pathologic Diagnosis: Kidney and adrenal gland, left, radical nephrectomy with caval-atrial thrombus removal; hilar and retroperitoneal lymph nodes, regional resection: Tumor histologic type: Papillary renal cell carcinoma, type I. Sarcomatoid features (%): None Tumor size: 11 cm Other dimensions: 6.5 x 4.5 cm Macroscopic extent of tumor:  Invades renal vein with protruding thrombus (clinically caval-atrial). Focality: Unifocal Number of tumors: Not applicable UUID:D376CBAF-A4AA-4C3C-95AF-28F57356BE11 TCGA-GL-A59R-01A-PR 3 of 4 Redacted Fuhrman grade: Microscopic extent of tumor: Perinephric fat invasion: No Renal sinus invasion: Yes Other: Not applicable Renal vein involvement: Yes with tumor adherent to renal vein wall Adrenal gland present: Yes Involved by tumor: No Cancer at resection margin: Yes (If yes) Location(s): Renal vein (see Note) Pathologic findings in nonneoplastic kidney: Benign cortical cysts Hilar lymph nodes present:  yes Number involved/number present: 0/9 Pathologic stage (2010) pT3c pN0 pM-Not applicable The examination of this case material and the preparation of this report were performed by the staff pathologist.

--- Page 2 ---
Note: A section taken from the renal vein at the resection margin shows the tumor thrombus. The thrombus is adherent to the vein wall at this point and this is considered to represent a positive surgical margin. Gross Description: Received is a single formalin filled container labeled with the patient's name and additionally labeled "left radical nephrectomy and caval thrombus with hilar and retroperitoneal lymph nodes." Specimen components and dimensions: The specimen consists of the product of a. left radical nephrectomy with left kidney, left renal pelvis and a part of the Ieft renal vein. There is an abundant amount of perinephric fat attached that contains the left adrenal gland. The specimen has been previously opened to reveal the tumor. The specimen aggregately measures 25 x 19 x 7 cm in greatest dimension. The renal parenchyma measures 11.5 x 9 x 5.4 cm in greatest dimension. The ureter is attached and measures 12.2 cm in length and 0.3 cm in diameter. The adrenal gland measures 8 x 4.5 x 1.4 cm in greatest dimension and weighs 20.3 g. Size, appearance, and location of tumor: The tumor is pink-tan to brown in color with hemorrhagic areas. It has a variegated surface and almost entirely. replaces the renal parenchyma. It measures 11 x 6.5 x 4.5 cm in greatest dimension. The tumor involves the renal sinus, the renal sinus fat and the renal pelvis grossly and extends into the renal vein with a protruding thrombus measuring 6.5 cm in length beyond the renal vein margin. Renal capsule/renal sinus: The renal sinus is completely replaced by the tumor mass. The tumor approaches the renal capsule, however no invasion is grossly identified. The renal capsule strips with ease. Renal vein: The renal vein is occluded by the tumor mass, thrombus. The tumor thrombus extends beyond the renal vein margin by 7 cm. Lymph nodes (size, number, & location): The perihilar fat has been dissected for lymph nodes with at least eight lymph nodes identified grossly. The rest of the fat is placed in a clearing agent. Other findings: There is a cortical cyst near the lower pole measuring 4.5 x 2.2 x 2.4 cm in greatest dimension. The normal renal parenchyma has a cortical thickness of 0.5 cm.. Blocks submitted:. 1 caval thrombus; 2 renal vein with the attached thrombus; 3 distal ureter margin and arterial margin; 4 tumor to renal sinus; 5-6 tumor to renal capsule; 7-9 representative sections of tumor to capsule; 10 representative section of cortical cyst 11 representative section adrenal gland; 12 three whole lymph nodes; 13 two whole lymph nodes; 14 one bisected lymph node; 15-16 one serially sectioned lymph node; 17 one bisected lymph node; lw 10(sll