
--- Page 1 ---
Patient Results UUID:C522C0BD-7968-48C0-8E96-6143740993E7 Requested By: TCGA-FF-A7CR-01A-PR Redacted Histopathology Report. Biopsy No: Corrected Received Date/Time Final Reporting Information Date/Time : Final Updated Histopathologist : Laboratory : Consultant-In-Charge Final Submitting Physician Final  Histopathology Report Final Updated ADDENDUM ADDENDUM TO HISTOPATHOLOGY REPORT ICD O-3 Immunohistochemistry shows a population of cD20+ Lymghmoclifguse large B-cells, dispersed and coalescing amidst a background of smali B-lymphocytes, with both 9&0/3 B Cl components highlighted by B-cell-specific activator protein shown on double labelling to aberrantly coexpress CD5::(which highlights an Sute Cruicol lynysmsde occasionai large cell in mitosis on the single stain) in excess of the amount accounted for by C770 background, small-to-medium sized, cn2/3/7+ T-lymphocytes, albeit plentiful, consistent with a 8/26/13 brisk, reactive accompaniment, an impression further supported by an excess of the cD8 over the CD4 subset,' the latter upon subtraction double immunolabelling for cDl63(+) histiocytes. The overall cell proliferation fraction is 20-30% on Ki-67 immunolabelling.. Immunostaining for cyclin. D1 is negative within the lymphoid population, highlighting only physiological expression in scattered histiocytic and activated endothelial nuclei, ruling out mantle cell lymphoma and its variants. cDl38-positivity is restricted to mature. mature plasma cells with a kappa:lambda ratio ranging between 3:2 to 2:l on mRNA in situ hybridisation (Ish), also consistent with a reactive accompaniment, and negating plasmablastic lymphoma in conjunction with negativity for both CD30 (which is seen only as physiological. coexpression in a minor subset of plasma cells) as well as for EBV-Encoded RNA (EBER) on ISH. CD21-immunoreactive follicular dendritic meshworks. are not identified, and cdlo positivity appears to reflect only physiological expression in scattered. stromal cells and is negative in the lymphoid population, while cb20(+) large B-cells demonstrably coexpress Mum.1 on double immunolabeliing, consistent with an "activated" state congruous with that of diffuse large B-cell. lymphoma (DLBCL). DIAGNOSIS LEFT NECK LYMPH NODE; INCISIONAL BIOPSIES: DIEFUSE AGGRESSIVE LYMPHOMA. PENDING WORKUP. Patholoqist Printed from: End of Report Page: I of